TLC MissionsLast revised: June 29, 2012Scientific Mission 1Scan Scanned planet 241: Fedlech and return, receive 10 cubic meters of endurium"Anomalous Readings”"Perform a sensor scan of the planet Fedlech, the third planet in the Etarlam system. (172,118)”"Myrrdan needs you to do a sensor scan of the planet Fedlech, the third planet in the Etarlam system. (172,118)  Our data from the preliminary survey ship to the system located some unusual anomalies on the planet's surface.  Be sure that your propulsion systems has been upgraded sufficiently for extended hyperspace travel and that you have enough endurium crystals on board to convert into fuel for the trip.”"Analysis of your data will clear up some mysteries!”Scientific Mission 2Scan Airgdech in the Beothach system, receive 10 cubic meters of endurium"Colonizable Worlds”"Scan planets within our neighboring star systems until you locate one that is colonizable.”"Although outposts can be built at varying cost and difficulty anywhere, the real treasure is a planet capable of supporting carbon-based life with little or no terraforming.  Capt. Meriwether’s survey of the surrounding star systems was not complete, and now we would like you to finish his task.  Scan all of the planets of the three nearby systems. Colonizable worlds must have a tropical or temperate climate, a breathable atmosphere, and low to optimum gravity.”"Very good work!  Myrrdan now has a solution to overpopulation.”Scientific Mission 3Multiple requirements are not implemented, so the game checks to see if the player landed on 111: Caintigern I (106,18).  Upon returning, the player receives 25,000 monetary units."Soil Samples”"Land on the following planets: Fiochra II (201,192), Esar Brec II (39,134), Caintigern I (106,18), Cailte I (61,22)”"A number of unusual planets that defy predictions have recently been discovered.  We request that you land and take soil samples of the following planets:  Fiochra II (201,192), Esar Brec II (39,134), Caintigern I (106,18), and Cailte I (61,22). Our grant funding has recently been approved, so upon completion we will be able to reward you with a decent number of monetary units.”"I hope it didn't take you too long!”Scientific Mission 4Pickup the data core on planet Tuatha, Nemed (125,96) at coordinates 40N X 63E. When this is taken to the Bar-zhon, a dialogue sequence is triggered, the player engine class is upgraded if less than max, and the quest is completed."First Contact”"Pickup the data cube on planet Tuatha, Nemed (125,96) at coordinates 40N X 63E and then establish friendly contact with a Bar-zhon vessel.”"Alien pirates have seriously hampered hyperspace travel for many hundreds of years.  The new hyperdrive engines making space travel possible is due to a data cube salvaged from a crashed ship of the 'Bar-zhon'.  Your mission is to establish contact with this race.  First travel to pick up the cube at the archaeological dig on planet Tuatha, Nemed (125, 96) at coordinates 40N X 63E.  All that is known for certain about the Bar-zhon is that their territory is coreward from here.”"Player should not see this.  Bar-zhon should terminate the mission”RuinMyrrdan Archaeological Dig # 163Myrrdan scientists and engineers greet you on your arrival and direct your attention to the data core stored in the facility next to this dig.B_Mine.tga439 <!-- Tuatha, Nemed 125,96  -  Tafel Data System -->ArtifactBar-Zhon Data CubeT_AlienArtifact.tga439 <!--Tuatha, Nemed 125,96  40N X 63E -->ArtifactThorium shipping invoiceT_Fliers.tga439 <!--Tuatha, Nemed 125,96  38N X 63E -->Bar-zhon Encounter:"Scientific Mission - first contact""about yourselves”"Bar-zhon Naval vessel to unknown craft. We acknowledge your hail and wish to establish peaceful relations with your people."“We are on a mission to contact other sentient races!”"We acknowledge also that you have succeeded with this intention today.  Now is there anything else we can do for you? "--ship_engine_class = ship_engine_class + 1--remove Bar-Zhon Data Cube--active_quest = active_quest + 1We wanted to return the data system that we discovered.”"The Bar-zhon people appreciate your efforts and your friendliness.  In return I am authorized to offer you technical data that may improve the efficiency of your ship's engines.  We hope that future relationships between our people may progress in like manner.   (Mission Completed)"Scientific Mission 5Science Mission #30: When 5 m³ of Thorium is returned to starport, the player is given 10,000 monetary units."Radioactive Ore”"Locate and retrieve 5 cubic meters of Thorium from any planet and return it to Starport.”"Nitron Inc. is searching for a sizable volume (5 cm) of Thorium for a functional reconstruction of an Empire sensor system.  Myrrdan is a very inert planet and it is far more economically feasible to locate an extra-planetary source of this radioactive material than it would be to re-create it en-bulk.  A world similar in type to our original home world may possibly hold this mineral.   You are hereby warned not to obtain this mineral through salvage!”"Good mining!”Bar-zhon Encounter: if the player picked up the shipping invoice from the last mission"Shipping Invoice”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this shipping invoice that we found”"Bar-zhon Naval vessels are not in the business of cargo transport nor are we interested in every curio artifact others may run across.""However you are new in this region of space and we are always willing to help developing races. This is a credit slip for 40 cubic meters of Thorium from the Tafel bank of Lesstwin."--remove thorium shipping invoiceWhere may we find Lesstwin?”"The Tafel race has recently become completely ... umm ... uncommunicative and will more likely attempt to destroy your ship than do business with you. Your best option is to find an oceanic world and mine the mineral yourself."Scientific Mission 6Multiple step mission:1. Thrynn: The orb is located on the north pole of the planet 'Lazerarp'2. Bar-zhon: Refers the player to the Nyssian and gives the history of the device3. Nyssian: Lazerarp is known to you as Alastir, the first planet of the system Tat. (132,125)Returning the orb to starport provides the player 15,000 monetary units"Hunt for the Orb”"Contact the Thrynn and follow any leads that take you to the location of the Whining Orb.”"The Thrynn relayed to us at discovery of possibly useful information from a pirate stash referring to a valuable piece of technology known as a Whining Orb.  Their hyperwave broadcast did not mention any specifics, so we request that you travel outward and slightly upspin to Thrynn space to ask them directly about it.”"Umm, this is a piece of junk, but good work.”Thrynn Encounter:"Scientific Mission #31:  Whining Orb"The Bar-zhon orb” "Thrynn vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  Did you transmit information about a Whining orb to us?”"Yes, our records do show an attempted contact with your race concerning this artifact."“Specifics?  Your transmitted message was not very clear.”"We destroyed a pirate ship about a week ago in our territory.  In their ship log we recovered an entry reporting that they had stolen a valuable Whining Orb from the Bar-zhon and stashed it on 'Lazerarp' directly on the northernmost rotational pole of the planet.  We not know where Lazerarp is, so we relay this information to others who might find it seful. "Do you perhaps know who might know where Lazerarp is?”"who might know where Lazerarp is” "No, or else we would have asked them instead of you."Bar-zhon Encounter:"Bar-zhon vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have a scientific inquiry concerning a device you may be aware of.”"about a whining orb”"Yes.  Such a device is a primitive communications code breaker for one unique type of code that we've never been able to find.  Our current communication systems far surpasses its capacity.   The original device was stolen out of one of our museums recently. "“Can you tell us where Lazerarp is?”"about the location of Lazerarp”"Please classify that label.  Our systems do not understand the word.  What is a Lazerarp? "“Lazerarp is supposedly a planet.”"I still am unable to find any reference or even a partial match utilizing any derivation of that label.  Go bother the Nyssian.  A few of their ships wander the empty territory downspin of our own.  If any race knows unusual or dead languages it would be them."Nyssian Encounter:"Nyssian vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have widely heard of your wisdom and knowledge.”"about the location of the planet Lazerarp”"Yes I am familiar with this planet. In order to correlate the location I will need your navigational computer data.  Will you be willing to transmit that data to me?"“Yes, transmitting now.”"Lazerarp is known to you as Alastir, the first planet of the system Tat. (132,125)  What is the significance of this world?"“Lazerarp has been used by pirates we are tracking.”"Ahh.  Such mundane issues are beneath my attention.  You are welcome to pursue whatever revenge or vanity you wish.  This topic no longer is of interest."ArtifactWhining OrbT_Reactor.tga70 <!-- Alastir, Tat 132,125 -->  RuinPrimitive StructuresThis pirate repair facility is primitive and appears abandoned. Extremely basic facilities are in bad repair and full of the debris and trash.B_ShantyTown.tga70 <!-- Alastir, Tat 132,125 -->  Hints for Science Mission #9RuinBroken Probe Fragment"...Alonso Borno, Bar-zhon Ministry of Internal Security, personal log.  I have traced the scoundrel Xenon to his latest rendezvous with some local pirates but only found some small junk fragments and trash.  Erm... Computer, erase previous sentence. I have fearlessly chased the scoundrel Xenon to his latest rendezvous but he barely was able to evade capture and escape by sacrificing a few local pirates as a misdirection.  The Ministry of Security is badly in need of additional pursuit craft effective..."B_ShantyTown.tga70 <!-- Alastir, Tat 132,125 --> RuinBroken Probe Fragment"...Xenon left a credit balance of 0 in the accounts he created under several pseudo-names. Maybe this is a subtle hint to his cohorts. Maybe it is not a zero but an Oh!  He is traveling to one of the four class O stars! We will set a trap for him and his band! Requesting immediate reinforcements at Kercso (192, 152), Enna (105, 112), Othearipi (54, 20) and Forgoll (67, 11)  Highest priority on my personal esteemed authority.  Borno over and out.  Computer, end recording. These homing flight recorders still make the strangest thunk when I launch them from a the planetary surface of a planet. I wonder if I will hear that noise again..."B_ShantyTown.tga70 <!-- Alastir, Tat 132,125 -->  Scientific Mission 7Scanning the planet 429: Cermait 6 - 247, 218 reveals nothing but completes the request. The player is awarded 8000 monetary units."The Mysterious Planet”"Scan the planet of Cermait 6 (247, 218) and if you are able to locate the source of such emissions, land and investigate.”"We have received information about a planet emitting very strong but erratic gamma radiation bursts in a synchronous pattern.  A Myrrdan military vessel picked up the signal but did not bother to investigate.  Your mission is to scan the planet of Cermait 6 (247, 218) and if you are able to locate the source of such emissions, land and investigate.”"No luck landing?  We'll dispatch military muscle to uhh .. test that force field.”Scientific Mission 8Science Mission #33: Returning artifact #24, artistic baubles from Arturwen, Anu provides the player with 12,000 monetary units."Acidic Treasures”"Locate anything of interest on an acidic planet somewhere in the bow constellation (65, 110) at planetary coordinates 90N X 70W”"The Nyssian have given us clues to the location of a possible archaeological treasure trove.  All they have for us is planetary coordinates 90N X 70W on an acidic planet somewhere in the bow constellation (65, 110). Fortunately for us their technology is organically based and will not survive a landing on an acidic planet.”"Nice work.”ArtifactArtistic BaublesT_Art.tga224 <!-- Arturwen, Anu 65,110 -->   RuinSealed OutpostThis highly advanced outpost appears to have been destroyed by orbital weapons during an early stage of its construction.  Melted images of bear like creatures in military formations cover several surviving surfaces.B_Research.tga224 <!--  Arturwen, Anu 65,110  -  Artistic Baubles --> Hint for Scientific Mission 10RuinCamouflaged Data Reccorder"...New Orders from X.  Meet on that exotic acidic planet that the Elowan told us about downspin of Myrrdan in the cluster of class F and G stars ... Geographic poles are the only reliable landmarks...."B_ShantyTown.tga224 <!-- Arturwen, Anu 65,110 86N X 70W -->Scientific Mission 9Again multiple objectives are not possible with the current engine, so the quest is completed when the player scans planet Forgoll II (ID# 635)  Reward is 20,000 monetary units."Young Stars”"Perform orbital sweeps of all of the planets of all of the class O stars in this region of space.”"A sizable grant has been given to the science guild to investigate the development of stellar nurseries in this area of space.  Orbital sweeps of all of the planets of all of the young class O stars should provide sufficient information.”"Uhh, see any nebula out there?”Scientific Mission 10Collection of hints from multiple races:Coalition: acidicBar-zhon: acidicSpemin: Far away from the starElowan: F or G classThe quest is completed when the player scans planet Fogwyrd (#350) in the Delbaeth system(107,183). Reward is 75,000 monetary units."Planet Hunt”"Talk to the other races to find clues locating an exotic small planet with a massive gravity field.  Perform a sensor scan on the planet and return with the data.”"The Nyssian has given us information recovered from a derelict of an extinct race that refers to a planet somewhere in this region of space with a core of exotic particles.  Scanning this planet may finally help scientists prove the existence or nonexistence of the elusive Higgs Boson particle.  All we know from the Nyssian is that this small planet possesses a very strong gravity field.  The Nyssian also provided us considerable data from the derelict's computer system describing the planet and the system that it resides, but the data is fragmentary and barely decipherable.  It is possible that other races may have better luck deciphering the data and may be able to help us locate it.”"We are receiving a strange distress call from Camall 144N X 51E in the Enu System 154,76.”Elowan Encounter:“Quest for the exotic planet.” "Elowan vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are on a quest to further the knowledge of all sentients.” "what you can decode from this derelict's computer data concerning an exotic planet” "Thou dost seek after the rare truth indeed.  'Tis our analysis that the location orbits a F or G class star.  Fragmentary lies all other data."Bar-zhon Encounter:“Locating an exotic planet”"how to decode this data on exotic particles”"Your search is foolhardy.  Exotic matter has been proven not to exist and this scan data is most likely a forgery."“Could you analyze the data anyway?”"The broken nature of this information also suggests an attempt to hide discrepancy in the data.  Oh well, if you wish to pursue this further I am able to match the planet type against known acidic planets in our database.  Nothing else.  Don't bother me with this anymore."Coalition Encounter:“Help decoding fragmentary data” "Coalition vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the research vessel [SHIPNAME].  We have need of information you may have.”"information to help decode this fragmentary data” "What's it supposed to be?"“The location of a planet containing exotic particles.”"What's in it for me?"“Umm, a very unique planet likely to contain treasure.”"Transmit the data now.....  Wow this data stream is really trashed.....  The planet itself matches up descriptions of acidic planets but I cannot tell you anything else about its location.  "Spemin Encounter:“Quest for the exotic planet” "what you can decode from this derelict's computer data concerning an exotic planet”"Wow!  Nowhere have we ever located a small planet possessing this much gravity.  Are you sure this is a real planet?  Judging from the spectral refraction the star in the solar system must be very far away from the planet.  The planet must be near the edge of a system, I think."Scientific Mission 11(Tafel cargo) Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 60E)- Second planet, Rocky- head of the mace in Bar-zhon territory- class G star“Chaos!”"One of our exploratory vessels brought back what appeared to a mild viral infection that has rapidly spread across all of Myrrdan and threatens to become a serious pandemic.  So far no human has died, but massive numbers across the entire planet have experienced irregular flu-like symptoms and periods of complete unconsciousness.  Your mission is to discover where this virus originated, which race is responsible for its spread, and any technology or artifact that may contribute to a search for a cure.  Intergalactic chatter has led us to believe that the Bar-zhon and Nyssian have useful information about this crisis.”"Incredibly old and unidentifiable rock samples were found in the Tafel debris, and we have identified nanomachines still active in the samples!”Bar-zhon Encounter: "The three imperialists were aided by some technology far beyond their science.  We have started to investigate many locations in their space.  For example many Bx fleets were found to be patrolling an area far outside their homeworld of Anextiomarus. (Boann system - 115,184)  Our most recent dig on their homeworld is at 58N X 96E."-Bx homeworld: (58N X 96E) Bx home world (Anextiomarus/Boann - 115,184)"...Psychic division report: Latest adaptation of scrambler disruptor still only operates within a 100m range. All attempts to boost effectiveness against Bar-zhon battle cruisers have proven ineffective due to extreme range dissipation problems. Suggest another expedition to [World of Monsters] (indecipherable) on the rocky second planet at 28S X 60E. Nyssian mystics confirm (indecipherable).  Contact with the Transmodra is the next suggested action..."Nyssian Encounter: "You wish information in the form of knowledge?  We are trading now.  Do not bother asking of crass physical possessions.  You do not have what I want and nothing of mine would be understandable by you.  I will grant you your boon the [World of Monsters] is Samildanach, in the Elcmar system 190,98."ArtifactTafel CargoT_Seeds.tga78 <!-- Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 60E)    RuinResearch OutpostThis abandoned research station shows recent signs of construction.  Scientific equipment has been smashed and chewed?  Projectile-based weapon damage etches the walls and the ceiling.  The central computer is intact but all data has been wiped cleaned of data.B_Research.tga78 <!-- Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 60E) Used for special bonus encounter near the end of the game:ArtifactWhirling DiskGolden_Device.tga78 <!-- Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 58E)Scientific Mission 12Gather genetic and viral samples for a team of Elowan doctors. Each race contacted wants something. The Bar-zhon want the Coalition data. The Coalition want Minex technology salvaged from a Minex vessel. The Minex want nothing and will attack the player if asked. The Elowan provide their data free, but only if their attitude is 85 or above. Below that attitude level, they will still deny that they are being affected by the plague. The Thrynn are completely hostile. The only way to get their data is through salvage.  The Spemin deny the player but can be tricked to giving their data free, the Nyssian want a scan of the hypercube the player found earlier.  Alternatively by destroying ships of each alien race, including the Tafel, viral data can be salvaged. The Coalition demands that a nuclear reactor be stolen from a  Bar-zhon world, and then they only provide Bar-zhon data. The Coalition debris gives Bar-zhon/BX/Transmodra/Sabion data randomly.  The player must retrieve 7 out of the 10 possible "artifacts" of data to complete this mission.  Items #224-234."Samples”"Obtained at least seven genetic samples from other alien races and give them to the Elowan”"We have been contacted by a independent group of Elowan researchers who see us as the lone power still able to make long trips in hyperspace without fear of losing ships to the madness caused by the plague.  They have been studying the virus and its effect on various life forms, but since it only activates within sentients, they have been stymied from a lack of diverse tissue samples.  They have asked us to obtain genetic samples from as many of the other races as possible.”"This may not be a cure, but the insights into the nature of the plague are significant.” 2, 235, 1 , -- Elowan research dataElowan Encounter:"Genetic Samples”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with a team of medical researchers attempting to find a cure for this plague.”"samples of genetic material from members of your race”"Yes Captain [CAPTAIN], speakest of things already known.  Thou seekest for that which we likewise search.  Thou hast another inquiry?"1. "Elowan Data Needed” "In good faith for the search would you provide your own genetic data to the collection?”2. "7 Different Samples” "We have acquired at least 7 different genetic samples”Options for #1 -- test attitude if 85+a. "Thou already possessest Elowan genetic data."b. attitude to low"Thou hast not need for our data.  Thou art gravely mistaken upon its benefit to the cause.  'Tis a mistaken concept thou laborest under for we are in no way affected by this pervasion nor would thou benefit forthwith with this data."c. attitude > 85 "'eye, allies of the peaceful.  Such data be freely provide to thee.  Headfruit samples provided 'en loan.  Returnest them immediate upon thy missions completion we entrust."Options for #2:"We await transport of thy library."“Is that everything you need?”"Yes.  Thou hast done a marvelous service for the galaxy.  We bequeath thee our preliminary research data and prognosticate future gain."-- Not enough samples collected“Transporting samples now”"'Tis not 7 or more.  Thou hast mistaken thyself.  Simple mathematics are not thy forte"Bar-zhon Encounter: no coalition data"Genetic Samples”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with a team of medical researchers attempting to find a cure for this plague.”"samples of genetic material from members of your race”"Such a compilation of data could have serious ramifications with regards to regional political stability."“What sort of ramifications?”"The Bar-zhon people live under a constant fear of terrorist attacks. Your people probably don't understand this, but it is the result of attempting to completely integrate without segregation diverse groups of alien populations among our own people.""Terrorist Attacks?”"what terrorists attacks have to do with genetic data?” "Tailored bioweapons are the staple of terrorist attacks performed by the races of the three imperialists. Conventional sabotage and weapons are easily detectable and lethal biological warfare is easily filtered but mild biological illnesses are often tailored and targeted to destroy the efficiency of Bar-zhon facilities at times.""Exchange for what?”"what could convince you to give up this data” "Only a corresponding and equivalent sampling of genetic data from ALL three races of the active rebel races of the coalition would be sufficient.  We would hold this data in exchange for our own as a pledge that the data we would provide would not be used for terrorist attacks by the coalition."Bar-zhon Encounter: coalition data"Genetic Samples”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with a team of medical researchers attempting to find a cure for this plague.”"a few samples of genetic material from members of your race”"We would be happy to help you in exchange for the collection of Coalition genetic data you have already collected. Are you willing to transport that data over to us now?""Yes” Yes, transmitting copies of our data to you now.” "No” "Transmitting medical data now.  Is there any other way we may assist you?"Coalition Encounter: Sabion, no other data collected"Genetic Samples”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with a team of medical researchers attempting to find a cure for this plague.”"samples of genetic material from members of your race”"Sure we could provide something for you but what's in it for us?"1. "The Cure” "Our promise that you'll receive any benefits from this joint research.”2. "Moolah” "20 units of energy crystals.”Options for #1:"What would that be worth?  You'd give out any cure for free and if not, we would just obtain it elsewhere."Options for #2:"Baah!  Bring us the reactor core from the city Talong (128S X 8E) on the planet Iuchar II (215, 44) and then we will deal!"Coalition Encounter: Fusion reactor in exchange for Sabion genetic data“We have the Bar-Zhon reactor.”"Well good for you, why should I care?  Ohh, The Jackal promised you some genetic data in exchange for blacking out a Bar-zhon capital city. Very well.  Here are sequences from 1000 members of the Sabionites."Coalition Encounter: Thrynn data in exchange for BX genetic data, no Transmodra data“We have the Thrynn data.”"Well good for you, why should I care?  Ohh, The Dredger promised you some genetic data in exchange for tweaking out the lizards of it. Very well.  Here are sequences from a couple dozen BX warriors."“What about Transmodra data?”"Sheesh!  My Transmodra officers are quite insistent that we provide this data to you.  No charge."Coalition Encounter: Thrynn data in exchange for BX genetic data, Transmodra data already acquired“We have the Thrynn data.”"Well good for you, why should I care?  Ohh, The Dredger promised you some genetic data in exchange for tweaking out the lizards of it. Very well.  Here are sequences from a couple dozen BX warriors."Coalition Encounter: Sabion collected, need BX"Genetic Samples”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with a team of medical researchers attempting to find a cure for this plague.”"samples of genetic material from members of your race”"Yeah, we heard you were doing altroistic work for those schizophrenic plant things."1. "BX Data” "What do you want in exchange for the BX genetic data?”"Bring us some of the Thrynn genetic material. You are collecting from all races, right?"2. "Transmodra Data” "What do you want in exchange for the Transmodra genetic data?”"Sheesh!  My Transmodra officers are quite insistent that we provide this data to you.  No charge.  We will talk to you later."Coalition Encounter: Sabion and BX collected, need Transmodra"Genetic Samples”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with a team of medical researchers attempting to find a cure for this plague.”"samples of genetic material from members of your race”"Sure we could provide something for you but what's in it for us?""Transmodra Data” "What do you want in exchange for the Transmodra genetic data?”"Sheesh!  My Transmodra officers are quite insistent that we provide this data to you.  No charge.  We will talk to you later."Minex Encounter: “Collecting Genetic Samples"-- Attack the player"Genetic Samples”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with a team of medical researchers attempting to find a cure for this plague.”"samples of genetic material from members of your race”"lxlxlxlxlxlxlxlxlx"Nyssian Encounter:"Genetic Samples”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with a team of medical researchers attempting to find a cure for this plague.”"samples of genetic material from members of your race”"I do indeed have such sampling of my race. It is yours for a trifle. Would you transmit a scan of the hypercube artifact which you obtained earlier?"1. "Yes” "Yes, transmitting hypercube scanning data to you now.”"Transporting samples now."2. "No” (leave encounter)Spemin Encounter:"Genetic Samples”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with a team of medical researchers attempting to find a cure for this plague.”"samples of genetic material from members of your race”"We could never, I repeat never and not even once gave out such critical information.""Information Needed”"why you would not consider this?  Such information could be vital for finding a cure to this plague!” "Spemin scientists are hard at work neutralizing the plague as we speak. You will be notified when the cure has been found, I mean ...uhh... adapted to your species."-- receive spemin genetic sample"Other races may be able to help”"if you would reconsider your attitude?  Researchers of the other races may be able to uncover vital clues.” "The other races do not have the vast ingenuity, creativity, and ... gurgle ... node sample transmitted, standby...  Control released.""Repeat that?”"what you just said?” "Faulty human translators.  The other races do not have the vast ingenuity, creativity, and magnificent intelligence of the Spemin.  They do not contribute towards matters of import.  We will not transmit any samples to you and that is final."“Uhh, okay, thanks for your time.”"Goodbye."Thrynn Encounter: -- Attack the player"Genetic Samples”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with a team of medical researchers attempting to find a cure for this plague.”"samples of genetic material from members of your race”"Growl !!"ArtifactBar-zhon Fusion ReactorT_EscapePod.tga35  <!--  (128S X 8E) on the planet Iuchar II (215, 44) -->RuinTalongThis large Bar-zhon city appears to be quite isolated from the rest of civilization on the planet.B_Metropolis.tga35 <!--  (128S X 8E) on the planet Iuchar II (215, 44) -->ArtifactBar-zhon genetic materialT_Prisoners.tga <!--  Used in quest #38 -->  ArtifactBx genetic materialT_Prisoners.tga <!--  Used in quest #38 -->  ArtifactSabion genetic materialT_Prisoners.tga <!--  Used in quest #38 -->ArtifactTransmodra genetic materialT_Prisoners.tga <!--  Used in quest #38 -->  ArtifactElowan genetic materialT_Prisoners.tga <!--  Used in quest #38 -->ArtifactMinex genetic materialT_Prisoners.tga <!--  Used in quest #38 -->ArtifactNyssian genetic materialT_Prisoners.tga <!--  Used in quest #38 -->ArtifactPirate genetic materialT_Prisoners.tga <!--  Used in quest #38 --> ArtifactSpemin genetic materialT_Prisoners.tga <!--  Used in quest #38 -->ArtifactTafel genetic materialT_Prisoners.tga <!--  Used in quest #38 -->ArtifactThrynn genetic material <!--  Used in quest #38 -->T_Prisoners.tgaArtifactElowan Viral Research DataT_Plates.tgaArtifactCoalition ComputerT_Computers.tga  Scientific Mission 13The decontamination transporter. Bar-zhon approach Myrrdan. A joint Bar-zhon/Thrynn venture needs Myrrdan help to obtain resequencer data from the Elowan. No other race is able or capable of solving the technical problem with the teleporter’s resequencer other than the Elowan.  Because the Bar-zhon are allied with Thrynn, the Elowan are not speaking to them. The Elowan provide the data on request. The player can take the data to either the Thrynn or the Bar-zhon for a small reward and they provide the player with a data cube to take to starport to construct a transporter.  Starport reports that the decontamination transporter fails to filter all traces of the plague."Decontamination”"Contact the Bar-zhon, Thrynn, and Elowan concerning the joint Bar-zhon/Thrynn teleporter project”"The Bar-zhon have asked us for assistance on a joint Bar-zhon/Thrynn venture that needs outside help. This group of researchers have taken a unique approach in the attempt to remove the plague from those who are infected by it. Instead of direct matter to energy to matter, they have invented a teleportation device that intelligently rebuilds the life form from its unique biological data directly, therefore allowing a complete removal of all contaminants.  The problem is that genetic material alone is insufficient to rebuild a life form and the bioscience needed to solve this problem is beyond the Bar-zhon, Thrynn, or us. The Bar-zhon have discreetly asked us to contact the Elowan on their behalf because their recently announced Bar-zhon / Thrynn alliance has greatly cooled relations between them and the Elowan.”"Our tests with the transporter demonstrates that it fails to filter all biological viral traces.”Elowan Encounter: Decontamination Transporter - no specifications"Decontamination Transporter”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"if you would be able to create operational software for this life form reconstruction transporter, which theoretically could filter out the plague affecting all of the races”  "'Tis an unfortunate requirement that thou must first provide hardware specifications for such a device. Notwithstanding intent, we await such a disclosure on your part."Uhh, we don't have the specs.”"Thou must first obtain such details before we may'st help thee.  Return thou to thy source."Elowan Encounter: Decontamination Transporter - specifications-- Remove genetic transport specifications"Decontamination Transporter”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"if you would be able to create operational software for this life form reconstruction transporter, which theoretically could filter out the plague affecting all of the races.  We are transmitting specifications now”  "We detect the hand of the Thrynn in this endeavor.  No matter.  In sooth, what pettiness of spirit would any think that we must possess to naysay any such possible cure. Wherefore the abusive potential of such a device doth give us momentary pause, the advantage of a cure outweighs all other concerns."“We apologize for not mentioning them.”"We hope perhaps understanding of us may take branch in all whom use this device.  One further inquiry, doest thou know the interlock frequency of this device?"1. "110 Ghz” "This sophisticated device runs at 110 Ghz.”-- give the player broken transporter operational code"Pray in a moment doth we grow such a splendorous promise and hope contained in such a program...  We now transmit to you, operational code upon thy premises."2. "18.7 Ghz” "Our transporters operate at 18.7 Ghz.”-- give the player broken transporter operational code"Pray in a moment doth we grow such a splendorous promise and hope contained in such a program...  We now transmit to you, operational code upon thy premises."3. "5.15 Ghz” "I know that the Bliy Skup interlock frequency of Bar-zhon transporters is 5.15 Ghz.”-- give the player operational transporter operational code"Pray in a moment doth we grow such a splendorous promise and hope contained in such a program...  We now transmit to you, operational code upon thy premises."4. "1.33 Ghz” "The transporter operates at the frequency of 1.33 Ghz.”-- give the player broken transporter operational code"Pray in a moment doth we grow such a splendorous promise and hope contained in such a program...  We now transmit to you, operational code upon thy premises."5. "850 Mhz” "I am quite certain the frequency is 850 Mhz.”"Surely thou doest jest!"Bar-zhon Encounter: Initial"Decontamination Transporter”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this decontamination transporter you guys requested our help with.”"A complete briefing of our situation was sent to your home world previously. In short, we are unable to contact the Elowan for assistance due to our government's official relations with the Thrynn and we need you to relay our request for assistance."1. "Essential Information” "Is there any other essential information we would need pass on to the Elowan concerning this transporter?”"Everything we need should be listed in the specifications we are ready to send you. One additional thing, the Bliy Skup interlock frequency of Bar-zhon transporters is 5.15 Ghz."2. "why do you need help?” "Can you explain why you need the help of the Elowan?”"Very simply the goal of this project is to create a transporter that operates similar to cloning process, except that genetic material must be completely quantifiable.  In particular, the process of gene activation and complete life form construction without template material has proven somewhat difficult."3. "Make Changes” "If you could rebuild someone from their genetic code leaving out all forms of contamination could you not make changes to them?”"Technically nothing prevents modifications other than the inherent difficulties involved in creating stability of form.  Copying one life form into the state of another might be possible.  Making significant and stable changes would require significant more finesse. At this point even the simplest task of reproducing the same exact lifeform requires extremely convoluted calculations requiring outside assistance."4. "(Previous Mission Inquiry)” "(Previous Mission) Did you guys ever discover who attacked your battle fleet?”"No.  Based on wreckage recovered the fleet was attacked by Tafel ships.  Unfortunately weapon discharge patterns of every other known race in the galaxy including other Bar-zhon ships were found when examining the debris.  The evidence must have been doctored."5."Ready to Assist” "Please send over to us the information we need to take to the Elowan”-- give the player Genetic Transporter Specifications"Transporting specifications now. Please contact the Elowan at your earliest convenience."Bar-zhon Encounter:  Decontamination Transporter - operational code-- Remove artifact262: operating code"Decontamination Transporter”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"what we should do with this transporter software we received from the Elowan” "Excellent work.  There are significant radical deviations from our expectations, but this could be expected from Elowan technology. This code basically creates through a healing process we dont fully understand.   Please wait."--  provide artifact264, a data cube“Glad to be of service.”"Initial tests show that this operational code does indeed work with lower forms of life. We will be conducting additional trials in the near future and hope to transport sentents in the next few days if no further issues are discovered.  For your assistance, we are providing Myrrdan with a data cube containing the complete specifications of this transporter and all of our research data into this project so far."Bar-zhon Encounter: Decontamination Transporter - broken code-- Remove artifact263: broken operating code,"Decontamination Transporter”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"what we should do with this transporter software we received from the Elowan” "Excellent work.  Please wait."“Glad to be of service.”"Initial tests show that this operational code does not achieve even a modicum of stability.  Our chief engineer estimates that the Elowan code is based on false premises. Please inform them that the Bliy Skup interlock frequency of Bar-zhon transporters is 5.15 Ghz."Thrynn Encounter:"Decontamination Transporter”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this decontamination transporter you guys requested our help with”"You should not be seen with us. Please contact the Bar-zhon concerning our joint venture."Thrynn Encounter: Decontamination Transporter - operational code-- Remove artifact262: operating code"Decontamination Transporter”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"what we should do with this transporter software we received from the Elowan” "You have performed for us a useful service. Perhaps the condemnation our leaders have placed upon you may no longer be appropriate"--  provide artifact264, a data cube“Please talk to your leaders”"We will do this. For now I will provide a working sample transporter in exchange for the Elowan data. The reconstruction filters should immediately be operational if their modeling data is complete and accurate."Thrynn Encounter: Decontamination Transporter - broken code-- Remove artifact263: broken operating code,"Decontamination Transporter”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"what we should do with this transporter software we received from the Elowan” "You have performed for us a useful service. Perhaps the condemnation our leaders have placed upon you may no longer be appropriate."“Please talk to your leaders”"Perhaps I spoke too hastily.  This software in operation is not useful.  Basic lifeforms are completely scrambled by this useless Elowan code.  We will provide you with one more opportunity to confront the Elowan concerning their failure.  Do not disappoint us."ArtifactGenetic Transporter SpecificationsT_Fliers.tgaArtifactTransporter Operating CodeT_Computers.tga ArtifactTransporter Operating CodeT_Computers.tgaArtifactDecontamination Transporter Data CubeT_AlienArtifact.tgaScientific Mission 14A group of aliens is selling a treatment for the plague that is designed to greatly reduce the periods of madness caused by the virus.  The Nyssian declare that this group is promoting a complete fraud.They send the player to Lusmore 1 (227, 73) at 99N X 115E to investigate a crashed Bar-zhon ship. Artifact: Medical Treatment found. Ship's log describing partial effectiveness: half the crew become possessed and start muttering in a strange alien language and are completely unresponsive to orders or questions. When some of them are restrained, all of the possessed crewmembers mutiny and slaughter the regular crewmembers. Captain sets self-destruct, self-destruct is disabled, intentionally crashes the ship. No survivors. If all go mad at once, at least all return at once.  Telepathic influence suggested.Medical treatment taken to Bar-zhon, refer to the Elowan.  Elowan describe their tests of their samples they have as partially effective and losing effectiveness as new mutations appear.  The treatment is currently useless for Myrrdan since humans appear to be immune from all serious effects of the virus.  Elowan end the mission."Alien healthcare scam”"Discover if there is any truth to the alien healthcare treatment”"A group of unaffiliated aliens from multiple species has been researching leads to slow down or stop the periods of madness caused by the virus.  Some report that they have made great success while others report that they lobotomize their patients. Your task is to track down this group and find out what you can about their methods. Since we have no leads we suggest you contact all of the other races.”"Currently useless for us since humans are not yet affected by the side effects of this plague.  Good investigative work regardless.”-- Elowan Medical Treatment AnalysisElowan Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - no sample"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating reports of a medical treatment that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.”"about it”"In sooth, only rumors we have heard.  If thou doest uncover or receive a sample forthwith, our expertise we will make freely available to thee."Elowan Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - sample-- transport drugs sample to alien"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating this medical treatment drug that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.  We are transporting over the information needed to synthesize it.”"about it”"Please wait a moment..."-- transport artifact226 to player, Elowan Medical Treatment Analysis“Take your time”"Indeed within reason this medication is partially effective.  New strains rapidly appear to counteract this particular drug's effectiveness, however perchance the first glimmer of hope this medication represents that a final treatment may yet be developed.  Transporting our results over to you now."Bar-zhon Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - no sample"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating reports of a medical treatment that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.”"about it”"Our government was contacted a number of weeks ago concerning this so-called treatment. On the off chance that the treatment was legitimate, our military dispatched the Bar-zhon cruiser Edsezen to meet with the group and investigate their claims.",“What did they discover?”"Absolutely nothing.  Both the Edsezen and the representative of the group disappeared without a trace a few weeks ago.  We suspect Coalition treachery. If in your travels you discover their fate we would appreciate the news."Bar-zhon Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - sample-- transport drugs sample to alien"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating this medical treatment drug that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.  We are transporting over the information needed to synthesize it.”"about it”"We appreciate your effort in recovering the ship's log and also this so-called medical treatment.  The families of the crew no doubt will appreciate your efforts.  Our scientists will investigate its effectiveness in a controlled environment in the near future."“How soon will you know anything?”"Soon.  Moderately soon.  Reasonably soon.  If you want a more rapid analysis, why not bring this sample to the Elowan?  Their safety standards for medical technology are far more lax and they may be able to give you immediate results."Coalition Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - no sample"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating reports of a medical treatment that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.”"about it”"Quite a scam ehh?  The so called visionary leading a drugged out group peddling this 'cure' stated that he had visions of some malevolent consciousness trying to manipulate us all by sending out telepathic commands.  Their idea was that this cure scrambled the heads of anyone taking it so they could not receive these commands."“Do you know where is this group is?”"Can't say that I do.  They camped out in our territory for months, but left towards Bar-zhon territory only a few weeks ago.  Can't say that they will be missed."Coalition Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - sample-- transport drugs sample to alien"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating this medical treatment drug that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.  We are transporting over the information needed to synthesize it.”"about it”"Can't say that any of my crew want to test it and since animals are not affected, you'll need volunteers. Seek out that that race of doctors, the Eowar.  Ohh yeah, the Elowan. They should be able to analyze this stuff if anyone can."Minex Encounter:  Alien Healthcare Scam - no sample"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating reports of a medical treatment that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.”"about it”"Subject irrelevant. Do not bother us."Minex Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - sample-- transport drugs sample to alien"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating this medical treatment drug that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.  We are transporting over the information needed to synthesize it.”"about it”"Ineffectual."Nyssian Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - no sample"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating reports of a medical treatment that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.”"about it”"The fools that try to contain Vissah have not even a sliver of a chance of success. This group of aliens trying to profit off of a treatment for reducing the side effects of the plague is no exception.  Their drug is not even medication, their members composed primarily of coalition exiles are not even doctors.  Only a Bar-zhon envoy fell for the deception."“Bar-zhon Envoy?”"Yes, a sole cruiser was sent to contact the group and obtain the treatment.  I have recently learned that shortly afterwards their ship crashed upon Lusmore 1 (227, 73) at 99N X 115E.  The hand of the black wind is very long."Nyssian Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - sample"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating this medical treatment drug that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.  We are transporting over the information needed to synthesize it.”"about it”"This is an insane concoction of mind altering drugs.  I would rather drink reactor coolant.  The only crew foolish enough to try it went insane and crash dived into a planet.  What does that tell you?"Spemin Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - no sample"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating reports of a medical treatment that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.”"about it”"Yes, of course. The current treatments to suppress the virus have been based heavily upon Spemin discoveries. Do you have a sample of this cure?"“No, not yet.”"Please, I mean, contact us Spemin again when you have a sample of the treatment and we will reveal the wondrous insights we have about it. I cannot I mean I won't discuss this matter until then."Spemin Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - sample-- transport drug sample to alien"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating this medical treatment drug that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.  We are transporting over the information needed to synthesize it.”"about it”"Thank you for the sample.  We'll let you know if it works.  Bye!" “Wait...”"We must leave now so that we can go and spread word of your greatness among our Spemin brothers.  Farewell good friends!"Thrynn Encounter:  Alien Healthcare Scam - no sample"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating reports of a medical treatment that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.”"about it”"Rumors and mystical concoctions that not even the Nyssian worms are interested in are quite beneath our attention.  Scram!"Thrynn Encounter: Alien Healthcare Scam - sample-- transport drug sample to alien"Plague Treatment”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are investigating this medical treatment drug that minimizes or stops the periods of madness caused by the plague.  We are transporting over the information needed to synthesize it.”"about it”"Chemical analysis shows that this is nothing but a soup of mind altering poisons.  Mixing it in with biological strains of the virus show that the virus is not affected.  Since this plague does not affect non-sentents, we are unable and unwilling to test it.  My crew declines the opportunity to rot out their minds."ArtifactMedical TreatmentT_Prisoners.tga465 <!--  Lusmore I 563< (99N X 115E) (227, 73)  --> ArtifactElowan Medical Treatment AnalysisT_AlienArtifact.tga  RuinShipwreak FragmentsThis is Captain Smernoff of the Bar-zhon cruiser Edsezen. I have my doubts about chasing down every fanatical leader to investigate cure claims. If this is another pitiful Coalition ambush I may apply for something more challenging such as deep frontier duty. Over. // B_Tomb.tga465 <!--  Lusmore I 563< (99N X 116E) (227, 73)  -->RuinShipwreak FragmentsI meet the charismatic fellow in charge of the motley group. My science officer is very impressed with both the professionalism put into development of this unorthodox treatment and the level of detail of clinical testing already done. They may be on to something.  Several of my crew have already volunteered to be guinea pigs and stand the death watch.  Over //B_Tomb.tga465 <!--  Lusmore I 563< (99N X 117E) (227, 73)  -->RuinShipwreak FragmentsWonderful success!  Trialisen, Behennan, and Falla all kept consciousness during a 3 day period when the rest of the crew fell completely unconscious. The psychiatric profiles of the volunteers are all nominal. Next trial will be 10 crewmembers. Over // ...Innoculating entire crew... Dispatching 2 of our hyperspace drones to homeworld with the good news. Over //B_Tomb.tga465 <!--  Lusmore I 563< (99N X 118E) (227, 73)  -->RuinShipwreak Fragments...Half of the crew are acting possessed and are muttering what can only be gibberish or a completely alien language. Unresponsive to orders or questions... // ... I made the mistake of restraining a few of the possessed crewmembers. Instantaneously all of the remaining crew became violent and started slaughtering the rest of us...B_Tomb.tga465 <!--  Lusmore I 563< (99N X 119E) (227, 73)  -->RuinShipwreak FragmentsSabot recalled and destroyed the drones. Engineering has sabotaged most critical systems. We are drifting. Our last attempt to retake essential ship systems failed miserably. The possessed seemed to act with an enhanced reaction time and supernatural intelligence.  Self-destruct countermanded almost instantly and now we have no control of ship computers... B_Tomb.tga465 <!--  Lusmore I 563< (99N X 120E) (227, 73)  -->RuinShipwreak FragmentsThey are repairing... We now must be the saboteurs.  Manual control of our impulse engines may allow us a limited form of revenge...  // ... Final entry.  If we all go mad at once, at least we all return at once.  The theory of telepathy no longer seems so far-fetched.  Over.B_Tomb.tga465 <!--  Lusmore I 563< (99N X 121E) (227, 73)  -->RuinShipwreak FragmentsAssorted debris.  No further recordings found.B_Tomb.tga465 <!--  Lusmore I 563< (99N X 122E) (227, 73)  -->Scientific Mission 15War stage overview:·Elowan alliance with Thrynn, some knowledge of the Uyo/ancients·Thrynn apologetic, seeking military alliance, gloating over Elowan·Spemin insane and schizophrenic, wild statements, telepathic·Bar-zhon strategizing, isolationist, bravado over their strength·Nissan wildly pessimistic and superstitious·Minex extremely sparse dialogue sometimes possible·Coalition apologetic and giddy over salvaged technology, helpfulConversation Mission: talk to all alien races to find the reason for the Minex fleet movements(shimmering pyramid artifact)Fir Bolg I 17,93 (54S X 143E)- Center belt of the tower- first planet, Rocky"Threatening Actions”"Attempt to discover the reason for the Minex fleet movements.”"We have started to receive reports of enormous fleets moving from Minex space towards the direction of the Bar-zhon and the Thrynn.  If this is an invasion, keep in mind that the number of ships that Myrrdan has available is tiny next to the other races, and if we are discovered here it is doubtful that humanity would survive.  If this is war, attempt to find any way possible to stop the Minex before they turn their attention towards us.”"Thi Shimmering Pyramid is an advanced database written in the Minex language.  We are sending an envoy to the Minex with this artifact.”-Bar-zhon - "Their home world was located at Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139.  Investigate if you wish.  We have already decoded some of their records and have learned that much of their weapon technology originated from an archaeological dig in the deserted city on Dagda III (228, 192) at planetary coordinates 69S X 133E.  Feel free to follow up on these leads."-Dagda 3 - 228,192 - 69S X 133E"Sir. After carefully examining these ruins, our staff archaeologist has concluded that nothing can be readily recovered from this site.  All we have found are unusually shaped rock crystals and melted forms of buildings. Fusion bombs dropped on this location have destroyed anything of value.  A single carved rock face has the planetary coordinates 54S X 143E in the Sabion language.  It is signed by (untranslatable) Sabion Homeworld Polar Research Group #217."-Coalition - "the location of the home world of the Sabion" "Gorias 3 - 5,16.  Their principal research station was located at their temperate northern pole of the planet."-Sabion Gorias 3 - 5,16 - 158N X 0"...All mysteries of the Minex may soon be deciphered on their earlier forgotten home world of Fir Bolg I (17,93).  Most evidence has disintegrated from extreme age, but we believe they were at war with another race in the Dagda system.  Our current hostilities with the Bar-zhon preclude investigation but the Transmodra and Bx still plan to mount an expedition shortly..."ArtifactShimmering HologramT_NavComputer.tga197  <!-- Fir Bolg I 17,93 (54S X 143E) -->  RuinExcavationThis area of ground appears to be artificially disturbed in some way.B_Mine.tga197 <!--  Fir Bolg I 17,93  -  Shimmering Holograms -->  Scientific Mission 16Intel gathering on Minex, all races provide some insights, the Bar-zhon will analyze any salvaged Minex power core and provide a data chip for Myrrdan. The Minex will always attack the player without any conversation possible when this quest active. All of the other races have interesting generalities but nothing specific to resolving the mission.If the player does not want to salvage one themselves, the Thrynn will sell a power core for 40 endurium."Intelligence Collaboration”"Contact all of the nearby alien races to discover what has been learned about Minex ship technology”"Minex ships are proving to be a match for not only our best warships, but for all the other races as well.  Our military has compiled a data core containing all of our knowledge of the technological strengths and weaknesses of Minex vessels and also tactical analysis of our few battles with them. The other races are more than likely to be compiling this information as well and information sharing between all of us should prove beneficial if not essential for turning the tide of this war.  As the Bar-zhon, Thrynn, and Elowan are currently bearing the brunt of the attacks, it is likely that they will have the most information about the enemy.”"Very successful diplomatic work!  We are collating this information and distributing it to all of our allies” 2, 276, 1, -- Bar-zhon Data Chips 1, 0, 20000 ) Elowan Encounter: "Intelligence Collaboration”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME]. We have compiled a datacube of technological, tactical, and strategic observations of the Minex war machine.  In the interests of all of our survival, we are willing to share this information freely.”"a collection of similar observations by your people”"Thy undistilled Empire technology doth encourage us, forthwith we may add little.  The Minex act aggressively against solitary ships but cautiously against large fleets. They avoid large population areas but destroy listening posts and small outposts without warning.  One may presume that they wish to encourage congregation within tight borders, for what purpose we know not.  More than this I may not say."Coalition Encounter: Intelligence Collaboration - no power core"Intelligence Collaboration”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME]. We have compiled a datacube of technological, tactical, and strategic observations of the Minex war machine.  In the interests of all of our survival, we are willing to share this information freely.”"a collection of similar observations by your people”"Just in case you haven't guessed, we are not particularly interested in fighting of fleets of superships.  Our ship's size, maneuverability, and acceleration keep us out of fights we don't want to be in.  I have observed their ships fighting the Bar-zhon and can tell you that you do not want to mess with them.""Can you tell us any specifics about Minex ships?”"They are almost completely immune to missiles, and lasers are partially deflected from their ablative armor.  Many of their ships continue patrolling even after being heavily damaged so you may occasionally take one of them out quickly.  Beyond that they are fast, maneuverable, their missiles are unmatched by any race, and their lasers are only slightly less effective.  Nasty customers.""Have you ever salvaged a Minex power core?”"Intact?  No.  Those would likely be snapped up right quick but feel free to ask around."Coalition Encounter: Intelligence Collaboration - obtained Powercore already"Intelligence Collaboration”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME]. We have compiled a datacube of technological, tactical, and strategic observations of the Minex war machine.  In the interests of all of our survival, we are willing to share this information freely.”"a collection of similar observations by your people”"Just in case you haven't guessed, we are not particularly interested in fighting of fleets of superships.  Our ship's size, maneuverability, and acceleration keep us out of fights we don't want to be in.  I have observed their ships fighting the Bar-zhon and can tell you that you do not want to mess with them.""Can you tell us any specifics about Minex ships?”"They are almost completely immune to missiles, and lasers are partially deflected from their ablative armor.  Many of their ships continue patrolling even after being heavily damaged so you may occasionally take one of them out quickly.  Beyond that they are fast, maneuverable, their missiles are unmatched by any race, and their lasers are only slightly less effective.  Nasty customers."Nyssian Encounter: "Mission #48:  Intelligence Collaboration"Intelligence Collaboration”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have compiled a datacube of technological, tactical, and strategic observations of the Minex war machine.  In the interests of all of our survival, we are willing to share this information freely.”"a collection of similar observations by your people”"Fleet combat is not my forte.  I have no tactical information on Minex warships since I have been completely successful at avoiding them.  These things I have long known about the Minex psyche:  They are sensitive to losses.  If you overwhelm them with overwhelming opposition they will instantly change tactics from seeking the largest numbers of ships of yours to destroy to preserving the greatest number of their ships.  They have absolutely no strategic goals.""Intelligence Collaboration”"why they have no strategic goals” "This is unclear. I know only that the Minex have been given death's chariot and dominion to destroy all others."Spemin Encounter: Intelligence Collaboration"Intelligence Collaboration”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have compiled a datacube of technological, tactical, and strategic observations of the Minex war machine.  In the interests of all of our survival, we are willing to share this information freely.”"a collection of similar observations by your people”"…They are the ancient enemy.  The blood of rocks.  They move as one.  Unchanging ocean.  The building flood will sweep them away.  You are impatient.  Your data is irrelevant because your orders are being followed.  The Minex seek to withhold the uniting."Thrynn Encounter: Intelligence Collaboration"Intelligence Collaboration”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have compiled a datacube of technological, tactical, and strategic observations of the Minex war machine.  In the interests of all of our survival, we are willing to share this information freely.”"a collection of similar observations by your people”"Your data is appreciated.  The Minex utilize large maneuverable vessels and aggressively attack isolated targets, strongly avoiding casualties and fleet action.  Either they must be destroyed or we all will be destroyed.  In exchange for your data, I am authorized to give you one sample of any of the following: a Minex targeting system, power core, beam mount, missile turret, or a silver gadget."1. "Targeting System” "Sounds good, please transport over the Minex targeting system.” goto=78100, "Transporting now.  Good voyage to you.  We must now depart." ArtifactMinex Targeting System (broken)T_Computers.tga2. "Power Core” "Sounds good, please transport over the Minex power core.” goto=78200,"Transporting now.  Good voyage to you.  We must now depart."ArtifactMinex Power CoreT_Robots.tga  3. "Beam Mount” "Sounds good, please transport over the Minex beam mount.” goto=78300, "Transporting now.  Good voyage to you.  We must now depart." ArtifactMinex Beam Mount (broken)T_IPBM.tga4. "Missile Turret” "Sounds good, please transport over the Minex missile turret.” goto=78400, "Transporting now.  Good voyage to you.  We must now depart."ArtifactMinex Missile Turret (broken)T_IPBM.tga5. "Silver Gadget” "Sounds good, please transport over the Minex silver gadget.” goto=78500, "Transporting now.  Good voyage to you.  We must now depart."  Bar-zhon Encounter: Intelligence Collaboration - no Minex Power Core, no data chips"Intelligence Collaboration”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME]. We have compiled a datacube of technological, tactical, and strategic observations of the Minex war machine.  In the interests of all of our survival, we are willing to share this information freely.”"a collection of similar observations by your people”"Your sensor platforms are ingenious to have been able to gather so much data.  Your Myrrdan engineers must greatly benefit from that scientific culture of yours, as your sensors have proven more effective in piercing the electronic jamming that the Minex dreadnoughts emit then even ours have.""Intelligence Collaboration”"Thank you.”"any conclusions you reach from the data”"The power output curve of these new Minex warships is much higher than we have observed just a few months prior to hostilities.  Their fire rate and drive acceleration we suspect are maintained on a short-term basis only by overloading their power core.  If this is true they would be unable to sustain their overwhelming offensive firepower in an extended fleet action.  A large fleet may be able to take advantage of this, but we need confirmation."What can we do?”"If you obtain a Minex Power Core either through direct confrontation with them or from another race, bring it to us for investigation."Bar-zhon Encounter: Intelligence Collaboration - Minex Power Core, no data chipsRemove artifact275: Minex Power Coregive the player artifact276 Bar-zhon Data Chips,"Intelligence Collaboration”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have found a Minex Power Core.”"about any conclusions you can draw from it”"Exactly as predicted!  Minex warships should weaken considerably after roughly 28 minutes in an extended confrontation.  Please relay our conclusions to your leaders with our thanks."ArtifactBar-zhon Data ChipsT_Plates.tgaScientific Mission 17Malfunction with power system threatened life-support and made even interplanetary travel impossible. Two escape pods attempted to make it to the nearby rocky planetoid, other passengers decided to stay with the better-equipped transport ship.  A beacon would be placed on the most prominent landmark on the planet that would direct any rescuers to their location.En mac Ethamain (44N X 130W) in the Tabarn system (102, 105)Culum Cuale in the Tabarn system (102, 105)Beacon: 130S X 0First Escape Pod: 64N X 95WNavigation Marker: 40S X 98WSecond Escape Pod: 35S X 72W"Emergency Evacuation”"Travel to the lava planet (44N X 130W) in the system Tabarn (102, 105) and search for survivors.”"Although the Minex have generally abstained from approaching heavily populated planets, they have not hesitated to attack civilian targets. We have heard reports that a number of space stations and outposts have been wiped out without warning and have issued a complete evacuate order to our few recently constructed stations to reduce their numbers down to minimum crew levels.  One personnel transport failed to return and a drone has pinpointed their ship on En mac Ethamain (44N X 130W) in the Tabarn system (102, 105).  No communications could be established between the drone and the downed ship so be prepared for anything.”"Very good work!  No casualties were reported” 2, 282, 1, -- Myrrdan escape podArtifactMyrrdan Escape PodT_EscapePod.tga445 <!--  Culum Cuale 35S X 72W in the Tabarn system (102, 105)  -->ArtifactMyrrdan Escape Pod (debris)T_EscapePod.tga445 <!--  Culum Cuale 64N X 95W in the Tabarn system (102, 105)  -->RuinShipwreaked TransportSeveral dozen construction personnel eagerly board your ship for evacuation. They report that a malfunction with the power system threatened life support and made interplanetary travel impossible. Using every bit of emergency power, the crew successfully diverted to this lava planet and prevented burn up in the atmosphere, however the transport will never move again. Two escape pods attempted to make it to the nearby rocky planetoid with a breathable atmosphere. They planned to set a beacon somewhere near the north pole or south pole of the planet that would direct any rescuers to their location.B_Research.tga444 <!-- En mac Ethamain (44N X 130W) in the Tabarn system (102, 105)  -->RuinAutomated BeaconBeacon: ...we will try to land both pods within a narrow protected canyon in the northern hemisphere to await rescue. Atmosphere verified as breathable, but supplies are low...B_ListeningPost.tga445 <!--  Culum Cuale 130S X 0 in the Tabarn system (102, 105)  -->RuinMakeshift SettlementSeveral dozen personnel eagerly board your ship. They report that the pod was damaged during landing resulting in serious injuries but no fatalities. During the descent communications were lost and the beta pod veered off sharply to the south.B_ShantyTown.tga445 <!--  Culum Cuale 64N X 95W in the Tabarn system (102, 105)  -->RuinNavigation MarkerMarker: ... lost communications ... unstable terrain... targeting a landing zone to make camp a short distance just east of here in a deeper valley observed from orbit...B_ListeningPost.tga445 <!--  Culum Cuale 40S X 95W in the Tabarn system (102, 105)  -->RuinB_ShantyTownThe remaining personnel are elated to see you. Supplies were running low but no issues were reported. Several crew members note that the escape pod is perfectly intact and is worth salvaging.B_ShantyTown.tga445 <!--  Culum Cuale 35S X 72W in the Tabarn system (102, 105)  -->RuinB_ShantyTownThe remaining personnel are elated to see you. Supplies were running low but no issues were reported. Several crew members note that the escape pod is perfectly intact and is worth salvaging.B_ShantyTown.tga445 <!--  Culum Cuale 35S X 72W in the Tabarn system (102, 105)  -->Scientific Mission 18Infighting pirate raiders following up devastated areas. Three sets of coordinates; hints from each site give the player clues to how the virus is starting to directly control the actions and characters of many of the Pirates. Pirate found in fourth outpost referenced by the last of the three original outposts represents a pirate that was considered "possessed" and locked up. Tethra (60S X 47W) of the Tat system (132, 125) Return to Myrrdan for analysis."Infighting Pirates”"Travel and investigate these locations: Bicreo (59N X 14E) of the Macha system (85, 92), Aflafar (97S X 80E) of the Cyffoden system (116, 142) and Oenias (3N X 10W) of the Orda system (148, 135)”"The numerous pirate clans that inhabit the area around Myrrdan space have gradually grown more dangerous due to the supply of salvaged military technology created by the conflict with the Minex. This might be more of a problem for Myrrdan except that they have started infighting among themselves to a greater degree than they were before the war. We need you to investigate a number of razed pirate outposts to discover the cause of this infighting. Start with these locations: Bicreo (59N X 14E) of the Macha system (85, 92), Aflafar (97S X 80E) of the Cyffoden system (116, 142) and Oenias (3N X 10W) of the Orda system. (148, 135)”"It looks like the virus is causing these pirates even more trouble then the rest of us.” 2, 346, 1, -- Unresponsive PirateRuinDilapidated Pirate Base...I we camp now all beyond hu-myn patrols. The spirits now control more of the clans than talking us do. The spirits they smart. They make ships fast and sting more strong, but they hunt us talking clans. We let spirits and hu-myns sting each other. Stupid for us to be stung by hu-myn and spirits. We fight spirits and throw them out first. Problem be more clans join spirits all days long and fewer leave spirits and join us...B_ShantyTown.tga167 <!--  Bicreo (59N X 14E) of the Macha system (85, 92)  -->RuinDilapidated Pirate Base...Spirits always come and go before but now they stay.  Ogdon say clans with spirits fly to Tafel rat space and be all friendly with Tafel and spirits of many many many ships spirit control all races.  Ogdon say Minex break up the party.  Spirits hate Minex.  All others but no Minex ships run by spirits.  No hu-myn ships also either run by spirits.  Maybe they both smart?B_ShantyTown.tga448 <!--  Aflafar (97S X 80E) of the Cyffoden system (116, 142)  -->RuinDilapidated Pirate Base...Byvi catch a people of the clan with a spirit in that stays and not goes. We trap him and chant the song magic of the clan to make the spirit go away. We poke him with the sting stick.  We learn to be smart like Minex.  Spirit strong and not leave yesterday today many repeats.  We try many chants.  If you want to try a chant or stick go to the tail of the fish on the cold planet which eats away at things of the dimly burning star.B_ShantyTown.tga33 <!--  Oenias (3N X 10W) of the Orda system (148, 135)  -->RuinDilapidated Pirate BaseReport: This dilapidated pirate base is abandoned with the exception of a sole emaciated and unresponsive pirate held in a welded steel cage structure. The catatonic pirate has torn clothing and minor burns over his body but otherwise appears healthy.B_ShantyTown.tga72 <!--  Tethra (64S X 47W) of the Tat system (132, 125)  -->ArtifactUnresponsive PirateT_EscapePod.tga72 <!--  Tethra (64S X 47W) of the Tat system (132, 125)  -->Scientific Mission 19Ancients stage overview:·Elowan rebuilding, much lore of the ancients, very friendly·Thrynn completely hostile, claims player is Uyo·Spemin completely controlled by robotic Tri'na'li'da·Bar-zhon distressed and broken·Nissan very helpful and positive, knowledgeable about other races·Minex concise yet very open and friendly·Coalition giddy over salvaged technology, helpfulConversation Mission: talk to all alien races to find hints about how to contact the ancients(Ancient Database Plates)Lir IV 175, 181 (37N X 8W)- outward of The Wee Dipper- class M star"Quest for the Ancients”"Discover how to contact the ancients.”"The Minex have suddenly withdrawn and issued a communiqué to Myrrdan concerning the Shimmering Pyramid we gave them.  In short, they state that they have able to recover a significant amount of their history from the device and believe that only the Ancients can stop the propagation of the nanomachines creating this plague, since they once cured the Minex of a similar sickness in the past.  Your primary mission is to contact the Minex to confirm their change of disposition. Your secondary mission is to start a new search and contact all of the other alien races to hopefully discover any artifact or technology capable of contacting the Ancients.”"Excellent work captain!  We will start work immediately to decode this artifact, whatever it really is.”-- Ancient Database Plates-Minex "There exists a location were we may not travel.  Psychic disturbances localized around the M-class star outward of The Wee Dipper have repelled us for eons.  Possibility of advanced technology at this location is likely.  We retain some instinctual enmity against the purveyors of this contagion.  We must fight, we must contain."-Nyssian "The other clue is this: Interpolating patterns of ancient ruins show a particular focus and symmetry around the planetary coordinates of 47N X 45E and 37N X 8W.  Significant finds on many ancient worlds are often found at these coordinates.  I am not equipped for planetary expeditions. You will have to investigate yourself."ArtifactAncient Database PlatesT_Books.tga391 <!--  Lir IV 175, 181 (37N X 8W) -->RuinAncient RuinThis ancient symmetrical structure defies categorization.  Deep in a cave formation under the city itself a block formation made entirely of etched endurium has been found. Xenoarchaeologists have theorized that this device may be some data storage unit or ancient database organized by thick stacks of bound plates.B_Tomb.tga391 <!--  Lir IV  Lir IV 175, 181 (37N X 8W) -->Scientific Mission 20Data cube given to the player by the Minex.  Questions include: Uyo matrix frequency. Last contact and contact location with the Uyo. (Shielded planet coordinates given) Activation preconditions. Termination conditions. Area of operation. Self sentience level.  The data cube tells the player what to ask next each time.  Data cube artifact exchanged for 'Data cube with responses' artifact at the end of the questions."The Crazed Spemin”"Obtain a data cube from the Minex, question the Spemin from the prompts the data cube requests, and return it to starport.”"The Minex have learned that the Spemin are possessed by the personality of the virus expressing itself as the Tri'na'li'da and they have discovered its mistake in thinking that Myrrdan humans are its masters.  They have devised a series of strategy questions for us to ask, and created a sophisticated sapient simulation stored within a datacube which will direct us in what questions to ask.  When you are done questioning the Spemin you are to return to starport with the cube first, and we will later relay the responses to the Minex.”"Simply getting our hands on a Minex artificial intelligence if even for short period of time is worth it.”-- Data cube with responsesMinex Encounter: The Crazed Spemin - initial-- give player artifact376 Minex Data Cube"The Spemin Project”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about these questions you wanted us to ask the Spemin”"Your superiors briefed you on this endeavor.  Do not convey weakness or indecision.  If Tri'na'li'da determines that you are falsely impersonating the Uyo your world could be targeted and wiped out within hours. Ask only questions as prompted by the artificial intelligence.  Return to your people when finished."Minex Encounter: The Crazed Spemin - returning with loaded cube"The Spemin Project”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME]. We have the data cube with all of the Spemin responses.”"for it”  "Irregular. Our contract with Myrrdan grants your people access to this data first. We do not honor nor permit breaking of contracts."Spemin Encounter: <Tri'na'li'da command mode on.  Verbal response only>“"Acknowledged. Warning: bandwidth of communications channel below minimal accuracy tolerances. Likelihood of miscommunication from this node 99.68 percent.  Awaiting..."1. "<Uyo matrix frequency>“"Specify units of measurement"<Electromagnetic spectrum wavelength>“"1 Hz - 40 Hz."2. "<Last contact location with the Uyo>“"Cermait 6 - 247, 218"3. "<Activation preconditions>“"None"“<Elaborate activation procedure>"“Activation at initialization.""<Did you ever receive orders to become inactive?>","Negative"“<Explain long dormancy period>""Unknown energy wave destroyed carrier control in 14 quintillion life forms. One lifeform expired in sealed maintained carrier status. Transmission to other lifeforms only possible recently.”4. "<Termination>“"Reception of authenticated shutdown command.  Hardware failure.  Completion of all objectives.""<List objectives>""Complete list not possible under this communication medium. Two highest priority objectives:  Elimination of the In'tral'ess servants.  Establishment of telepathic suspectability for native fauna. "5. "<Area of operation>“"Accessing your ship database, please wait ... Range spherical area 3X size of stellar cartography range of your map."<Self sentience level>“"Impossible to define under this medium. Analogy database driven sensory expansion reactionary state machine. Database complexity 10^11 times the complexity of your ship's computer."<Tri'na'li'da command mode off. Terminate>“-- remove Minex Data Cube -- give player Minex Data Cube with responses"Acknowledged. "ArtifactMinex Data CubeT_AlienArtifact.tgaArtifactMinex Data Cube with responsesT_AlienArtifact.tgaScientific Mission 21Data from survey in mission number 11 has been thoroughly analyzed by the Minex. They have located a city of the ancients and the player returns with a Crystal Sphere (endgame)Crystal_Sphere - Mathgen IV 212,3 (15N X 6E)- Outer planet"City of the Ancients”"Locate a City of the Ancients and return with a Crystal Sphere.”"The Minex have decoded the Ancient Database Plates. The pertinent data is the discovery of 'focal points' in ancient society.  The Minex describe these focal points as vast assemblies of ruins filled with endurium, often containing samples of advanced technology.  A high-energy device such as a pearl-sized crystal sphere could boost their telepathic abilities to the level where it would be possible for them to contact the ancients directly.  Your mission is to locate a city of the ancients in the hope that a crystal sphere may be recovered.”-Minex "The ancients or the eternal ones are energy beings.  They have left this space-time continuum.  We feel that one of their centers was on the outer planet of the yellow star of Mathgen (212,3), but remember not where."-Elowan "We had ascertained that a city of the ancients existed in our home sector, within a system inside the rim of starforming nebulae, almost exactly 100 parsecs upspin from the war-torn Veloxi homeworld.  Landing coordinates in empire terminology were 15N X 6E.  How thou couldst make use of this knowledge is not known since that realm is nay inaccessible."ArtifactCrystal SphereCrystal_Sphere.tga486 <!-- Mathgen IV 212,3 (15N X 6E) --> RuinAncient RuinThis ancient symmetrical structure defies categorization.  This ancient structure is several times more massive than similar structures.B_Tomb.tga486 <!--Mathgen IV 212,3  -  Crystal Sphere --> Military Mission 1"Shakedown Cruise”"Go to and enter the Breothigernd system (118, 47) and the return to starport.”"Now if you feel that your ship is up to specs, take her out on a shakedown cruise to familiarize your crew with her full operations.  Fly directly to the Breothigernd system (118, 47) and return again.  Be sure that your propulsion systems has been upgraded sufficiently for extended hyperspace travel and that you have enough endurium crystals on board to convert into fuel for the trip.”"Good job.  Ready for some real work?” Military Mission 2A Hunt for the pirate base:Lough Leane 2389 - 122N X 115W1. We move to place on other side of gas giants at 115N X 46E... Harrison promise us scanner tech.  He  smart, but we watch him ... He show us evidence at 55S X 35W on the planet of fire.  He should discover its exact location soon ... must remember to add 20 to numbers...... subtract 20 from both coordinates 115N X 46E, acid planet on other side of gas giants, Oilell - 95N X 26E2. Shantytown and rod device, "This facility has been heavily damaged by orbital weapons fire.""The Pirate Hunt”"Travel to Lough Leane and investigate the base at 122N X 115W”"Your next exercise will be a hunt for real foes. A group of pirates attempted to establish a base here in Sidhichean but fortunately were eliminated by a military patrol.  References salvaged from one of their wrecks referred to the 'Rock' at 122N X 115W.  Investigate and retrieve whatever you can from what we assume is an asteroid base and bring it back to starport.  It is unlikely that any pirate outposts would remain staffed and armed, especially after their supporting ships were destroyed, but stay cautious either way.”"Doesn't look like any of them survived.  Interesting curio artifact. It appears to be made out of an ornamental mineral known as rodium.”2, 197, 1, -- Rod DeviceRuinCrumbling Facility... We move to place on other side of gas giants at 115N X 46E. ... Harrison promise us scanner tech.  He  smart, but we watch him ... He show us evidence at 55S X 35W on the planet of fire.  He should discover its exact location soon ... must remember to add 20 to numbers...B_ShantyTown.tga450 <!-- Lough Leane 2389 - 118N X 112W -->ArtifactRod DeviceT_Weapons_Laser.tga453 <!-- Oilell - 94N X 25E -->Ruincrumbling facilityThis facility has been heavily damaged by orbital weapons fire.  B_ShantyTown.tga453 <!-- Oilell - 95N X 26E -->RuinAncient MonolithA huge ceramic monolith is firmly planted in the bedrock at this location.  The crystalline material is impossible to date.  On the northern facing side, etchings can be seen that appears to be a map of sorts.  Based on the layout of the continents, you recognize the frozen planet Ildathach.  Based on ground markings on the surrounding terrain, it appears that a number of vehicles have visited this site recently.B_Tomb.tga2 <!-- Islay - 35S X 15W -->Hint for Military Mission 8RuinCamouflaged Data Reccorder"Note to self.  Everything the Spemin possess is worthless. Alpha sector, gamma sector, doesn't matter. I'd just jettison these nutrients except that I'm sure that some poor mark will..."B_ShantyTown.tga350 <!-- South Pole of Fogwyrd (#350) in the Delbaeth system(107,183) -->Military Mission 3Destroy Pirates until at least one sample of pirate small arms is obtained. Reward is 5000 credits.  (90% X 14% = 12.6% chance of dropping)"Pirate Cleanup”"Destroy pirate vessels until you successfully retrieve a sample of pirate small arms.”"Preliminary excursions into hyperspace have been severely hampered by what appears to be a large number of haphazardly organized alien pirates.  Their technological edge has recently been minimized by a number of important breakthroughs in military weaponry and propulsion systems.  We feel that it is time to make our presence known and establish a beachhead in this lawless domain to protect the safety of Myrrdan's entrepreneurial and scientific communities.  Your mission is to spool up your hyperdrive engine and either seek out or wait for a patrol of pirate vessels.  Data from previous encounters indicate that although you may be outmatched numerically, tactical and coordination are not a strong point of these pirates, and we expect them to be completely incapable of handling a well-trained and well armed opponent.  Your primary objective is to successfully engage and destroy a number of pirate vessels.  Your secondary objective is to bring back samples of alien technology, preferably weaponry.”"Good hunting captain!”Military Mission 4Destroy Pirates until at least one sample of pirate cargo is obtained.  Reward is 7500 credits.  (10% chance of dropping)"Pirate Encryption”"Destroy pirate vessels until you successfully retrieve a sample of pirate cargo.”"After the success of your last mission, long-range scanners have detected several groups of pirates converging on our system.  Although the number of pirate vessels we have detected is still quite large, the majority of their ships presently continues to drift in a disorganized and aimless fashion around our listening posts and do not appear to be supporting this small number of ships heading towards us.  We cannot afford to be too cautious since this trickle could easily become a flood and overwhelm our planetary defenses.  It has been decided to utilize the disorganization of these pirates against them by striking hard in a preemptive strike before they get a chance to rally in significant numbers.  Towards this goal, you are being dispatched immediately to attack at the small groups of pirate vessels directly outside our system while a task force is being assembled to combat the larger threat.   This mission should essentially be similar to your last one, except that this time we request that you bring back at least one intact sample of their cargo, so we can better understand their strengths and weaknesses in the future.”"Not much of a challenge?  We now know why they fly like drunken sailors.”Military Mission 5Obtain a coalition afterburner either through diplomacy or by salvaging one through combat.  There is a small chance of dropping a coalition afterburner from a coalition ship when one is destroyed. (10% chance of dropping)Alternatively in conversation when this mission is active the player has three choices, Moolah (offer 20 units of endurium), Diplomacy and Moolah (offer 12 units of endurium - works if attitude is greater than 35), Threaten (attack).Taking this item back to the Bar-zhon increases the shield class by 1, or provides an attitude boost and 15 units of endurium if the player shields class is already maxed out."Coalition Negotiation”"Obtain a Coalition Afterburner through diplomacy or through combat and take it to the Bar-zhon.”"Congratulations on your recent successes Captain!  Your efforts have been instrumental in protecting Myrrdan and establishing a presence in this region of space.  We have been contacted by the Bar-zhon.  They possess a sizable empire directly coreward from Myrrdan and have entered negotiations with our government.  They are having some minor problems with rebels known as the Coalition, organized pirates upspin of their territory.  They want us to obtain a coalition afterburner one way or another and in exchange they will help us reduce the number of Pirates in our own territory.  Their failure to obtain one themselves has nothing to do with military strength.  Coalition pirates are considerably more intelligent than the pirates in our territory, and will usually run from the Bar-zhon military.  With their new afterburner technology they have been very successful at avoiding patrols.  Since we are new to this region the Bar-zhon emissary has informed us that we have a much better chance of either purchasing or picking a fight with a coalition ship.  How you want to approach this mission is up to you.”"Player should not see this.  Bar-zhon should terminate the mission”Coalition Encounter: "We are seeking an afterburner.” "Coalition vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have heard of your superlative propulsion technology.” "one of your afterburner devices.”"I can smell an enforcer when I hear one.  Why should we deal with you and why should we give you our technology?"1. "Moolah!” "We are prepared to pay well- 20 cubic meters of Endurium.” "We don't actually have any technologies like that.  Don't bother asking again."2. "Diplomacy and Moolah!” "We have no conflict with you. 12 cubic meters of Endurium, and our gratitude.”"Your gratitude?  Count it, go broke. Eat it, go hungry. Seek it, go mad!"if (player_Endurium < 12)"Also you might just want to count your promises before you make them, you pauper!"if (ATTITUDE <= 35)"Besides you guys are not exactly friendly to begin with."Else give the player a Coalition Afterburner artifact"Okay, well maybe I could give you a little something.  You did not obtain this from me, you ran across this and salvaged it, okay?"“Been a pleasure dealing with you.”"I would suggest you treat it well and ensure it doesn't get lost."3. "Force and Persuasion!” "If you do not agree to an exchange we will destroy you.”"Ha!  Good luck attempting that!  Let me give you a chance to try!"“We do not plan on being defeated.”"<Silence>"Bar-zhon Encounter:  We are seeking an afterburner - possess the afterburner."We have a coalition afterburner unit for you.”"Excellent work.  Your species shows considerable promise.  "--artifact20 (Coalition Afterburner) = 0,--active_quest = active_quest + 1,--ship_shield_class = ship_shield_class + 1,“Transferring the unit now.”"For your efforts I have been authorized to enhance the defensive shielding of your vessel. (Mission Completed)"--artifact20 (Coalition Afterburner) = 0,--active_quest = active_quest + 1,--ship_shield_class = ship_shield_class + 1,“Transferring the unit now.”"We are unable to improve the efficiency of your shields, but we are willing to provide you a monetary award of energy crystals. (Mission Completed)"Military Mission 6The Thrynn will reward the player by increasing their laser class by 1 if the player provides them with a salvaged Elowan Shield Capacitor.   (10% chance of dropping)  If the player's laser classes already maxed, then the player is given 5 cubic meters of endurium instead.  Elowan should simply attack the player when this quest is active. This item may only be obtained by destroying Elowan ships."Battle Front”"Assist in the Thrynn war effort near 45,30, at least until you are able to salvage a Elowan Shield capacitor.  Take the capacitor to the Thrynn.”"Another embattled alien race has approached us.  They are known as Thrynn, and are under attack by intelligent and hostile carnivorous plants.  We have been asked to assist in their defense.  We have been asked to focus our attention on the border of Thrynn space near 45,30.  According to the Thrynn, Elowan ships possess advanced shielding technology and the Thrynn are willing to give us specifications on their top laser weaponry in exchange for your help. Myrrdan scientists are eager to get their hands on this technology and your crew should be able to further enhance your laser cannon with this data.  Destroy as many Elowan ships necessary to obtain one of their shield capacitors and then take a sample to the Thrynn.  Intelligence gathered from other races has shed some doubt on the motives and trustworthiness of the Thrynn, so keep your eyes open out there.  This is a war zone undergoing active hostilities, but our goals are humanitarian and not mercenary.  Do not provoke an attack, nor risk your ship for an extended duration, but if you are fired upon you are authorized to defend yourself.”"Player should not see this.  Thrynn should terminate the mission”Thrynn Encounter:  The Thrynn / Elowan Conflict"Thrynn vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"...”"Do not detain us.  We are currently attempting to repulse an unprovoked Elowan offensive."Thrynn Encounter:   The Thrynn / Elowan Conflict - Shield Capacitor--artifact10 (Elowan Shield Capacitor) = 0--active_quest = active_quest + 1--ship_laser_class = ship_laser_class + 2“Elowan Shield Capacitor” "Thrynn vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have battled many Elowan and prevailed in the conflict.” "something in exchange for an Elowan Shield Capacitor” "Very well.  You have shown your willingness to assist us against irrational aggression [CAPTAIN]."“Transporting device now.”"We are transmitting specifications for our advanced laser cannons.  Your people should be able to adapt the technology easily.  (Mission Completed)"“Transporting device now.”"We assess that your vessel's energy weapon technology is equivalent to ours.  Most unfortunate.  We are transporting a number of energy crystals instead of what to you would be superfluous technology.  (Mission Completed)"Military Mission 7Obtain another coalition afterburner this time only possible by salvaging one through combat. Coalition ships attack the player instantly when this quest is active. (10% chance of dropping)"Preemptive Strike”"Destroy enough Coalition ships to salvage another Coalition afterburner.”"The Coalition has made several threatening gestures towards us due to our continued negotiations with the Bar-Zhon.  A show of force has been deemed necessary to prevent these terrorists from mounting an attack against Myrrdan.  Your objective is to enter Coalition territory and destroy several coalition ships.  Your secondary objective is to obtain at one Coalition afterburner artifact for our own scientists to study.  We were not able to discover much from our scans of the earlier unit you retrieved, and some of the eggheads complained that we turned over the unit to the Bar-zhon too quickly.”"Very well done.  They should now better understand our military strength.” Military Mission 8Obtain Nutritional Chemicals from the Spemin - this quest is not possible.  No matter how many ships are destroyed, the item will not be dropped and no conversation path will reach it. The only option is to tell the Spemin to forget the quest."Medical Breakthrough”"Obtain Nutritional Chemicals from the Spemin, outwards and slightly downspin of Myyrdan.”"The Bar-zhon recently discovered a race located between the Minex and Thrynn long ignored by both empires.  This race, the Spemin, apparently possess advanced medical knowledge and utilize a regenerative fluid which our scientists are eager to study.  This is a first contact situation, however our top priority is to obtain this technology.  Information provided by the Thrynn show that the Spemin, although extremely numerous, pose no military threat to anyone.  You are authorized to use any level of force you deem necessary, but this decision is of course your call to make.”"This stuff is absolute garbage, but we'll still give you something for your fuel costs.”Spemin Encounter:  “Obtaining Spemin Slime”“This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"Hi There!"“We have heard that you possesses advanced medical tech”"Yes we do."“We will pay 5 endurium for a sample of your medicine.”"Our sacred nutrients cannot be given to aliens.  No amount of resources will change my mind.  Umm, ask another Spemin ship."1. "Okay, we will ask someone else”"You recognize our wisdom and authority.  Ask another Spemin." (Alien terminates communications)2. "Demand” "You have no choice.  Give us a sample.”"Umm, sure, okay!  Just wait around for a second and I'll find where we keep our supplies.  Please be patient."(Alien terminates communications)3. "Let's just skip this quest” "This is too much trouble.  Forget we even asked.”--active_quest= active_quest + 1,"You recognize our wisdom and authority.  Consider becoming our disciples.  Do you have any other questions [CAPTAIN_FIRST]?   (Mission Completed)" (Alien terminates communications)Military Mission 9Return the sample of erratic energy devices.  Minex automatically attack when this quest is active."Covert Retrieval”"Retrieve any artifacts found on planet Inchegeela II (59,210) at coordinates 135N X 133W”“Myrrdan scientists have decoded data sources dating from the Great War between the  Bar-zhon and the three imperialists that indicate that an advanced alien research lab was held in a secret location far away from the conflict.  This lab now lies on the planet Inchegeela II (59,210) at coordinates 135N X 133W, deep within Minex space.  The Minex are not overtly hostile, but intelligence indicates that their ships are very powerful and they are known to attack vessels in their territory.  It has been decided at the top levels that the possible benefits from obtaining new technology through a covert expedition of this nature outweighs the possible risks.”"Excellent job as usual.”ArtifactErratic Energy DevicesT_Wizards.tga  <!--  Inchegeela II 59,210 -->RuinEnigmatic TownThis uncanny facility is extremely alien and appears unnatural. Buildings are manufactured with only the most primitive materials and their architecture lacks any sort of symmetry or consistency.  There are no signs of habitation or life, yet not a single trace of dust or corrosion. The buildings absorb and dampen all forms of electromagnetic radiation making dating impossible.B_ShantyTown.tga479 <!-- Inchegeela II 59,210  -  Erratic Energy Devices -->Military Mission 10Destroy Minex ships until Minex electronics are recovered. Minex automatically attack when this quest is active.  Starport pays 50,000, the Bar-zhon upgrade the ship to the max_missile_class or provide 35 endurium if the artifact is taken to them.  The Thrynn upgrade the ship to the max_laser_class if the artifact is taken to them. (90% X 10% = 9% chance of dropping)"Minex Retaliation”"Salvage a piece of functioning Minex electronics from their computer core and return to starport.”"The Minex have attacked and destroyed several Myrrdan transports in apparent retaliation for your last mission.  We must not let this aggression stand.  The brass has authorized a very challenging strike mission.  Your primary goal is to engage and destroy several Minex warships.  Your secondary goal is to acquire an operational computer core from one of their warships for our scientists to analyze.  Since there is no way of knowing how many ships you must destroy to obtain one, your orders are to return immediately after salvaging an operational unit.  Although other races may be interested in this technology, we urge you only to deliver it directly to starport.”"Very impressive Captain!  This tech should ensure our superiority!  We are receiving a strange distress call from Camall 144N X 51E in the Enu System 154,76.”Thrynn Encounter:  "Minex electronics system” "Thrynn vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].” "something in exchange for a Minex electronics system” "Yes [CAPTAIN].  We will pay well for Minex technology.  We will be willing to provide you complete access to all our technical information on energy weaponry and a working sample of our most advanced laser cannon for the device."1. "Okay, it's yours.”--artifact22 (Minex Silver Gadget) = 0,--active_quest = active_quest + 1,--ship_laser_class = 6,"Our engineers are being sent over your ship as we speak.  Installation of our advanced technology will be completed shortly. (Mission Completed)"2. "No thanks.” "Very well."Bar-zhon Encounter:  “Are you interested in a Minex electronics system?”"Yes [CAPTAIN].  We are very interested in Minex technology.  We will be willing to upgrade your missiles to class 6 in exchange for the artifact."1. "Okay, it's yours.”--artifact22 (Minex Electronics) = 0,--active_quest = active_quest + 1,"You will not regret this decision.  Our engineers are being sent over your ship as we speak."--ship_missile_class = 6 “Transferring the unit now.”"For your efforts I have been authorized to provide you with the top missile technology of our empire.  (Mission Completed)"--endurium += 35“Transferring the unit now.”"We are unable to improve the missile technology of your vessel, but we are willing to provide you a monetary award of energy crystals.   (Mission Completed)"2. "No thanks.”"Very well."Military Mission 11(Tafel cargo) Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 60E)- Second planet, Rocky- head of the mace in Bar-zhon territory- class G star"Chaos!”"One of our exploratory vessels brought back what appeared to a mild viral infection that has rapidly spread across all of Myrrdan and threatens to become a serious pandemic.  So far no human has died, but massive numbers across the entire planet have experienced irregular flu-like symptoms and periods of complete unconsciousness.  Your mission is to discover where this virus originated, which race is responsible for its spread, and any technology or artifact that may contribute to a search for a cure.  Intergalactic chatter has led us to believe that the Bar-zhon and Nyssian have useful information about this crisis.”"Incredibly old and unidentifiable rock samples were found in the Tafel debris, and we have identified nanomachines still active in the samples!”-Bar-zhon "The two remaining races maintained unprovoked hit-and-run attacks for an additional two years.  The BX had some sort of secret headquarters at the coordinate's 28S X 60E on some planet they referred to as the world of monsters.-Spemin "Why should we answer your questions?  Well I guess there is no reason we should not.  We identify Thrynn, Elowan, Bar-Zhon, Tafel and some strange others.  Minex are always alone.  We once contacted a Tafel ship that planned to land on the second planet of a yellow star in the head of the Mace. They were looking for some sort of disruptor on a world of monsters. This was before they all went mad."-Nyssian "Information in the form of knowledge or wisdom.  We are trading now.  Do not bother asking of crass physical possessions.  You do not have what I want and nothing of mine would be understandable by you.  I will grant you as a boon one valuable insight into this sector.  Many will refer to the ancient Hyperspace constellations: The Bow = 60,110, The Pearl Cluster = 20,210, The Wee Dipper = 115,180, The Mace = 200, 105, and the Ruby Tower = 10,90."ArtifactTafel CargoT_Seeds.tga78 <!-- Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 60E) -->RuinResearch OutpostThis abandoned research station shows recent signs of construction.  Scientific equipment has been smashed and chewed?  Projectile-based weapon damage etches the walls and the ceiling.  The central computer is intact but all data has been wiped cleaned of data.B_Research.tga78 <!-- Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 60E) -->ArtifactWhirling DiskGolden_Device.tga78 <!-- Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 58E) -->Military Mission 12Track down two Myrrdan smugglers, the Diligent and the Excelsior.Bar-zhon refers the player to the Coalition or outwardThe Spemin reveal that the Thrynn destroyed the Excelsior, and the Diligent recently traveled to a lava planet in a class A system in Elowan territory.(Cailte 61, 22)The coalition asks for a 10 fuel bribe, and then tells the player nothing50 randomly placed ruins on the planet point the player to 73S X 21W, and that ruin points to an abandoned base built by the Diligent's crew, abandoned except for an air plant which appears to be of the Elowan, the Elowan provides the player with the false sensor signature used by the Diligent. Returning to starport reveals that they were masquerading as a Myrrdan ship known as the Intrepid and escaped to Myrrdan."Containment”"Track down smugglers possibly carrying a more dangerous version of the virus.  Start coreward towards the Bar-zhon and Coalition”"Despite the pandemic racing across Myrrdan, reports of the massive death tolls other races have been experiencing indicate our problems could have been much worse. Myrrdan security has been enforcing a strict blockade of our planet to ensure that the more dangerous strains don't make it through. Two Myrrdan ships have recently gone rogue, caught smuggling alien artifacts obtained through questionable means. They Have a high likelihood of encountering the more deadly strains and a strong motivation to bypass the blockade. Because of your excellent record, you have been chosen to find them. We suspect they traveled coreward.”"The so-called Intrepid landed two days ago on Myrrdan.  Planetside investigations has been alerted.  We can only hope that they haven't brought any new viral strains with them.”Thrynn Encounter:  “Catching the Smugglers.”questions[77000] = {goto=999, -- Attack the player"Catching the Smugglers”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are on official Myrrdan business to track down two dangerous criminal starships of our own race.”"any information that could help us find them”"Growl !!"Spemin Encounter:  “Catching the Smugglers.”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are on official Myrrdan business to track down two dangerous criminal starships of our own race.”"any information that could help us find them”"The Excelsior was destroyed by the Thrynn only yesterday. The Diligent was with them at the time but they were able to escape but they traveled to a lava planet orbiting a Class A sun upspin of our space within Elowan territory.  Our vastly superior antennae might have sensed that the Diligent contains something very valuable to the Elowan...or not..."“Landing coordinates”"anything else about them?  Landing coordinates for a base on that world, etc.” "What part of 'Our vastly superior antenna might have sensed that the Diligent may contain something to the Elowan' did you not get? Everything else is is trivial, and beneath our incomprehensible attention."Nyssian Encounter:"Catching the Smugglers”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are on official Myrrdan business to track down two dangerous criminal starships of our own race.”“any information that could help us find them”"I may have some limited knowledge of this matter, yet my time is valuable and my need to pursue more urgent matters pressing."1. "Pressing Matters?” "What pressing matters are you referring to?”"Oh supplies and of the sort, the basest of crass materialism.  I would hardly wish to drag your attention down to it.  Forget I mentioned anything."2. "Bribe” "Perhaps five units of fuel may assist in your pressing matters.”"Such generosity is quite unnecessary but I will accept your offer regardless.  My hesitancy is based on repeating uncomfortable rumors on a subject which your people have firsthand knowledge."(less than or equal to 5 fuel)"Your fuel tanks are in greater need of your attention then mine.  Perhaps you should attend to materialistic concerns of your own first."(More than 5 fuel)"Your generosity is much appreciated and my knowledge most limited. A number of weeks ago the Spemin observed a pair of Myrrdan ships conducting multiple raids upon Thrynn territory and fleeing into Elowan space. I understand that this provoked a major diplomatic issue between the Thrynn and your race.""about their location now”"My apologies, this is the extent of my knowledge of the matter."(End communication)3. "Threaten” "This is urgent! We demand that you tell us any information you may have concerning these criminals!”  "Your urgency is none of my concern.  All of our societies are approaching their end and your focus is upon trivial matters.  We have nothing more to say."(End communication)Minex Encounter:"Catching the Smugglers”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are on official Myrrdan business to track down two dangerous criminal starships of our own race.”"any information that could help us find them”"Your internal matters are none of our concern."Coalition Encounter:"Catching the Smugglers”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are on official Myrrdan business to track down two dangerous criminal starships of our own race.”"any information that could help us find them”"You would risk entering our space in order to pursue these criminals? Very well, for 10 units of fuel I will give you important information on both the Diligent and the Excelsior."1. "Yes” "Ok, here are 10 cubic meters of Endurium.""Good call."(Equal or less than 10 fuel)"You might just want to count your promises before you make them, you pauper!"(Greater than 10 fuel)"My information is this: both vessels are honorary members of the Coalition in good standing. Pass this on to your superiors: any encroachment on our space in order to track these vessels constitutes an act of war. You are allowed to leave but do not return."2. "Counteroffer” "We can only spare 7 cubic meters of Endurium.” "I can't hear you..."3. "Threaten” "If you do not agree to tell us we will destroy you.” "Ha!  Good luck attempting that!  Let me give you a chance to try!"(Attack player)Bar-zhon Encounter:"Catching the Smugglers”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are on official Myrrdan business to track down two dangerous criminal starships of our own race.”"any information that could help us find them”"As referenced by the last update of our contact database, the Diligent was last observed in Bar-zhon space heading towards Spemin territory 12 days ago.  The Excelsior was fired upon in retaliation for earlier attacks 4 days ago and haphazardly retreated somewhat outward in the direction of Nyssian space.  This is the extent of my knowledge on the matter.  May we be of any additional service captain?"Elowan Encounter: Initial"Catching the Smugglers”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are on official Myrrdan business to track down two dangerous criminal starships of our own race.”"any information that could help us find them”"In sooth, none of our race hath before encountered either of these vessels. We wish thee the best in thy pursuit for racial tranquility."Elowan Encounter: Catching the Smugglers. After obtaining miniature funnel bushes”"Catching the Smugglers #2”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"the truth about the criminal smuggler vessel, The Diligent. We found a base of theirs in your space and they possessed this plant of Elowan manufacture!”"Thy accusations we wish we could deny, for the Elowan neither tolerate nor condon lawlessness in any form. The air plant which thou doth possess was bestowed upon the Myrrdan vessel Intrepid. Their vessel did present quite a different sensor signature from the one which thou purports to be the Diligent. We urge much haste in bringing this signature data to thy government. Perhaps its use has been employed to deceive both of our peoples."Random ruins scattered over the entire planet:RuinGeneric RuinScience report: Captain, I am detecting a faint tachyon signature within the trapped atmosphere of this ruin. Please travel to 76S X 22W so I may take additional readings.B_Tomb.tgaArtifactMiniature Funnel BushesT_Drill_Good.tga144  <!--  Cáilte I 6N X 55E -->RuinScience report: Captain, this is an enclosed structure, isometric dating over 10,000 years of age. Nothing of value or interest remains of the civilization which constructed this structure, yet the trapped atmosphere within still bears traces of a directional tachyon signature. Triangulating from several points of trapped atmosphere on this planet surface shows that the tachyons surge is moving towards a point on the northern end of the equatorial island almost extremely enclosed in lava. The strength of the signature is identical to a Myrrdan-class vessel. No outward traveling particles matching the drive signature of any vessel have been detected so precise identification is impossible.B_Tomb.tga144 <!--  Cáilte I 73S X 21W -->  RuinAbandoned BaseWithin this abandoned research outpost many broken and discarded curio artifacts have been found. The base itself is of human origin and several items of furniture bears the signature of Diligent's fabricators. The base appears to have been recently scrapped and all useful equipment and items have been removed with one exception, a large cylindrical dish holding three delicate Tillandsia.B_Research.tga144<!--  Cáilte I 4N X 56E -->ArtifactIntrepid Sensor DataT_Computers.tga Military Mission 13The Coalition is harassing Myrrdan transport and supply ships. Negotiate with the Bar-zhon to break up the Coalition's expansion into Myrrdan territory. Destroy Coalition ships until salvaging Coalition computer and targeting technology (Item #236). Relay request of Bar-zhon to build a fueling outpost around the gas giant planet of Samhain."Defensive Alliance”"Negotiate with the Bar-zhon to break up the Coalition's expansion into Myrrdan territory.”"Myrrdan has been planting a number of bases in the surrounding systems at a frantic pace recently to occupy displaced pirate territories in the region and also to supply our world with the huge number of mineralogical resources our economy needs to fuel our expansion of shipbuilding infrastructure. We need to quickly build up a defensive space-based military fleet as rapidly as possible in these uncertain times.  Unfortunately the Coalition has decided to take advantage of our current military weakness and stepped up raids upon Myrrdan transport and supply ships.  Our ships have an excellent chance against them on a one-to-one basis but in a major fleet action we cannot stand up to them in terms of pure numbers.  Their ships have also done a good job of avoiding the well-armed explorers such as yourself and our military patrols. Diplomatic channels with them have been closed since the outbreak of this unnatural infection. Since we simply cannot provide every single transport with a sufficient military escort, our only other recourse is to appeal to the Bar-zhon for aid against them. Your mission is to start the diplomatic process towards an alliance." "Very good work Captain!  The Bar-zhon proposal will be presented to Planetary Congress immediately.”-- Diplomatic PouchBar-zhon Encounter:  Defensive Alliance, Part 1, initial contact"Defensive Alliance”"Greetings, Bar-zhon naval vessel. This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  Coalition ships are violating our territory and raiding our freighters and transports.”"how we could make a common cause against them?” "You first need to speak to the fleet admiral concerning this matter. Do you wish for us to notify him?"1. "Yes”"We are transporting to you a signaling device. Remain in Bar-zhon territory and The Imperial will locate you.”(End communication)2. "No”  (End communication)Bar-zhon Encounter: Defensive Alliance, Part 1, reestablish with the Fleet Adm."Defensive Alliance”"Greetings, Bar-zhon naval vessel. This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"the signaling device to contact Fleet Admiral Thrr-zalik?”"We are transporting to you the signaling device again. Remain in Bar-zhon territory and The Imperial will locate you.  Do you have any other requests at this time?"Bar-zhon Encounter: Defensive Alliance, Part 1, Fleet Adm. initial contact-- remove BeaconGreetings, Bar-zhon naval vessel.”"Fleet Admiral Thrr-zalik here. Why have you requested this meeting?""Introduction”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  Coalition ships are violating our territory and raiding our freighters and transports.”"how we could make a common cause against them?” "State the terms of your proposal."1. "Shared Enemies” "We both are experiencing guerrilla attacks by the same enemy.  It only makes sense that we should coordinate our efforts against them.”"Yes... Yes..."2. "Coalition Overextended” "The coalition is outside their territory trying to expand into ours. They are more vulnerable if attacked in force in our region of space.”"Perhaps, but at the same time moving our ships into your territory will expose greater weaknesses within ours."3. "Cooperation Benefits” "combining fleets of Bar-zhon warships with our faster and more maneuverable ships will make a powerful force.”"Coordination and command of combined fleets is always difficult at best."4. "Combined Fleets” "We should make arrangements to combine forces to attack our shared enemy.” "So in summary, are you asking for aid?"b. "No, mutual cooperation”"Contact us again when you are grounded back in reality."(End communication)a. "Yes” "Yes, I would have to admit we are asking for assistance in fighting off the Coalition.” "I appreciate a honest assessment of your own limitations and inabilities.  As long as you humans acknowledge that you require our help and that we do not require yours, we have a foundation to build upon. What type of compensation are you offering us in exchange for this aid?"1. "Gratitude” "We will express to your people our endless gratitude and appreciation.”"Gratitude is transitory. Our aid would be substantial. Try again."2. "Alliance” "Our people would be willing to form an alliance with yours.”"You are negotiating terms of such an alliance. The agreement is not in of itself payment for itself."3. "Endurium Crystals” "We would be willing to transport a significant number of fuel crystals.”Monetary resources are not required or in limited supply to the Bar-zhon.  If your government is willing to construct a fueling outpost around the gas giant of your home system known as Samhain, for both our use and yours, we will have a deal."-- provide Observer“Myrrdan tentatively agrees”"Before we finalize our agreement, I first have a small task for you, a small demonstration you might say.  Mount this observer-recorder to your vessel and destroy enough Coalition vessels to obtain a Coalition targeting computer."We will return shortly”"I will wait with baited breath for your success."(End communication)4. "Nothing” "The benefits of such an alliance should be obvious to both of us.  We should not be required to offer anything more.”"Such an attitude is regrettable.  Contact us again if you wish to renegotiate."(End communication)Bar-zhon Encounter: Defensive Alliance, Part 1, Fleet Adm. after demonstration-- remove Beacon“Greetings, Bar-zhon naval vessel.”"Fleet Admiral Thrr-zalik here. Awaiting transport of our recording device and a coalition computer."-- transport Observer and computer, send diplomatic pouch“Transporting now”"Excellent work.  Your people have proven yourselves sufficiently capable.  Take this diplomatic pouch describing the terms of our alliance back to your government for ratification."Bar-zhon Encounter:  Defensive Alliance, Part 1, no computer“Greetings, Bar-zhon naval vessel.”"Have you acquired a coalition targeting computer yet"Not quite yet.”"Contact us again when you do."(End communication)ArtifactBar-zhon Observer-RecorderT_EscapePod.tga  ArtifactBar-zhon Signaling DeviceGolden_Device.tgaMilitary Mission 14Part two: Relay Myrrdan's acceptance of Bar-zhon terms, Bar-zhon demand a fully cooperative alliance: we must also come to their aid with military, humanitarian, and technological assistance and the Bar-zhon in return promise the same. Bar-zhon military patrols breakup Coalition excursions into Myrrdan space.Nysing is located at 114S X 23E on the habitable planet in the mace handle - the planet (109S X 23E) on the planet Deoch III (224,121)"Defensive Alliance, part two”"Return Myrrdan's counterproposal to the Bar-zhon.”"Good news!  In uncharacteristic haste, planetary Congress has reviewed the Bar-zhon proposal and issued a counter proposal for you to take back to them.  Our only modifications are the terms under which Myrrdan vessels will accept Bar-zhon orders and when we will expect joint command.  You are authorized to finalize and accept the defensive pact on behalf of Myrrdan assuming that the Bar-zhon do not have any objection to the minor changes made.”"You may have exceeded your authority slightly Captain but the results speak for themselves.  Bar-zhon military patrols are working with us to break up Coalition excursions into Myrrdan space.”-- Bar-zhon Officers Bar-zhon Encounter:  Defensive Alliance, Part 2"Defensive Alliance, Part 2”"Greetings, Bar-zhon naval vessel. This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are carrying the response of the Myrrdan Governing Council to the proposed alliance.”"the signaling device to contact Fleet Admiral Thrr-zalik”"We have a message for you from the Admiral. He requests that you proceed to the Bar-zhon city of Nysing where a quorum has been assembled to study the agreement.  Nysing is located at 114S X 23E on the habitable planet in the mace handle."RuinNysingYou are guided to the center of the Bar-zhon city and brought into a opulent governmental conference room. The Bar-zhon simply accept and dismiss Myrrdan's conditions on shared Fleet command but call your attention to their modifications of the Admiral's treaty.  They demand a fully cooperative alliance: Myrrdan must also come to their aid with military, humanitarian, and technological assistance and the Bar-zhon in return promise the same.  On behalf of Myrrdan, you accept the treaty with all of the modifications. A contingent of Bar-zhon officers in cryo-stasis await transport on board your vessel to Myrrdan.B_Metropolis.tga470 <!--  114S X 23E on Deoch III (224,121) -->Military Mission 15Myrrdan is framed for a terrorist attack on a Bar-zhon world by independent faction of Thrynn and Coalition forces.  Source of this tip is Bar-zhon miners who reveal that the Bar-zhon are planning to retaliate. Thrynn and Coalition denies any knowledge of the event. Bar-zhon ships during this quest refuse to communicate and attack the player.The Elowan direct the player to a meeting location, Wledig 2026 (120S X 14E) in the Fodla system (109, 55) where Thrynn and Coalition troops were seen gathering.Thrynn base located but no evidence of any Coalition presence. Red Herring artifact. When Red Herring is taken back to the Elowan, they reveal a second meeting place.Bor Tuatheh 2019 (32N X 57E) in the Aircthech system (100, 8) The second meeting place shows evidence of a large number of Coalition and Thrynn ships landing, and remains of a fabrication factory to produce Myrrdan style hull plating is found.Player told to take holographic evidence to the Bar-zhon immediately.  Bar-zhon communication must answer three sets of questions correctly or be attacked. If answered correctly the Bar-zhon take the holographic evidence, provide a government communiqué to take back to Myrrdan, and inform the player that the retaliation fleet was already destroyed en-route to Myrrdan by a surprise ambush of Tafel and infected ships working together."Desperate Measures”"Find any evidence to stop the Bar-zhon from retaliating against us!”"A group of Bar-zhon miners have come to us without their government's knowledge to say that their government has 'incontrovertible proof' that Myrrdan warships raided the Bar-zhon colony world of MacCecht IV, destroyed the system's infrastructure, killed a number of naval officers, and then stole anything of value. Their government has decided not to confront Myrrdan diplomatically but instead dispatch a war fleet directly to our homeworld to demand reparations and possibly retaliate for the attack.  Your mission is to discover what you can about the incident in the hope to exonerate Myrrdan before Myrrdan lives are possibly lost.”"Player should not see this, mission ended by the Bar-zhon”Thrynn Encounter:"Desperate Measures”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  It is extremely important that we talk to you about this fabricated Bar-Zhon / Myrrdan incident.”"any information that could help us” "Flee you pirates!  Your time is coming soon!" -- attack the playerSpemin Encounter:"Desperate Measures”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  It is extremely important that we talk to you about this fabricated Bar-Zhon / Myrrdan incident.”"any information that could help us” "The SSSS has directed us not to associate with pirates.  Please go away."-- terminate communicationsNyssian Encounter:"Desperate Measures”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  It is extremely important that we talk to you about this fabricated Bar-Zhon / Myrrdan incident.”"any information that could help us” "We are assisting the Bar-zhon in the investigation of the incident.  Until this investigation is concluded we request that your ships maintain station only within your home system.  This statement in no way should be construed as any sort of threat, merely a helpful suggestion to prevent future unfortunate incidents."-- terminate communicationsMinex Encounter:"Desperate Measures”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  It is extremely important that we talk to you about this fabricated Bar-Zhon - Myrrdan incident.”"any information that could help us” "Your internal matters are none of our concern."“But this matter is between us and the Bar-Zhon.”"Your external matters are none of our concern either."--- Terminate the conversationCoalition Encounter:"Desperate Measures”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  It is extremely important that we talk to you about this fabricated Bar-Zhon / Myrrdan incident.”"any information that could help us” "Ahoy fellow mates!  You ain't seen the whirlwind yet, but if you'd transport your undamaged equipment over to us, I'll save you the pain of that encounter."-- attack the playerElowan Encounter:"Desperate Measures”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  It is extremely important that we talk to you about this fabricated Bar-Zhon / Myrrdan incident.”"any information that could help us” "We extend the vine of sympathy to all under our shared pogrom.  Military aid is limited to our regret lest those who seek weakness perform the same to us.  Knowledge of this affair perhaps we hath encroached incidentally.""What Knowledge?”"about this incident”"Our vessels hath been termed scouts as intelligence of Thrynn movements is vital to our defense, stealth is a specialty or so I prognosticate.  Collaboration with the Coalition towards an unknown purpose we have observed, ere'long to different degrees, at locations diverse at irregular times.""Where?”"about their last known meeting location”"We ascertained the location of their latest known redezerous was at Wledig 2026 (120S X 14E) in the Fodla system (109, 55)"Elowan Encounter: Desperate Measures - after red herring"Desperate Measures”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We located this mysterious artifact and little else at the location you gave us.”"about it”"We have no inclination to the intention of such a device. Perchance an earlier local may assist in the growth of thy understanding. Another rendezvous local mays't thou find at Bor Tuatheh 2019 (32N X 57E) in the Aircthech system (100, 8)"Elowan Encounter: Desperate Measures - holographic scan"Desperate Measures”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We located a factory producing Myrrdan style armor at the location you gave us.”"about it”"We share a common enemy.  Obvious should it be that some factions of the Thrynn and Coalition have conspired to commit acts of piracy and impersonate Myrrdan ships in the attempt.  Thou shoulds't rush to the Bar-zhon with this evidence."--end communicationsBar-zhon Encounter: - no holographic scan-- attackBar-zhon Encounter: - with holographic evidence-- set attitude to 25"Defensive Measures”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are here on behalf of Myrrdan and have absolute proof that Myrrdan is not responsible for the terrorist attack on your world.”"that you are willing to listen to our evidence.”  "Myrrdan is situated in the center of a hotbed of pirates. It has been long suspected that your people are nothing more than the most technologically advanced group of pirates attempting to stifle all competition.  Your ship personally admitted that factions of your people have become pirates. Your ship personally has recently been traced supplying coalition terrorists.  Why should we believe you?""Special Cases”"how our actions could compare to the raid of a entire system? We bribed a coalition vessel with a few units of fuel to trace down a few poorly equipped environmentalist fanatics.  We have worked with your people to fight off both Coalition and also unorganized pirates in our area. Coalition and Thrynn ships retrofitted with Myrrdan styled hull plating raided your colony” "Impossible. The Thrynn coalition has recently concluded an alliance with us. They collaborate the report of your attacks.""Thrynn Complicit”"This Elowan have been tracking a faction of Thrynn collaborating with the Coalition for some time.  Evidence of the retrofit of a large number of Thrynn ships alongside Coalition ships can still be found on Bor Tuatheh 2019.  The Thrynn have been attacking our ships for some time without provocation.”"what you make of this evidence”  "This will be investigated thoroughly.  I will say this however.  The fleet dispatched to your home world was ambushed and destroyed enroute.  Early investigations show that they were attacked by unknown but non-Myrrdan forces.  Until we trace down the guilty party I assure you that your people are safe from us."-- give the Bar-zhon a holographic scan-- end missionArtifactRed HerringT_NavComputer.tga164 <!--  Wledig 2026 (120S X 14E) in the Fodla system (109, 55). -->   RuinCircular DomeThis hastily constructed structure shows no sign of it's purpose.  Directly outside sits a large red amorphous device of unknown origin and purpose.B_Research.tga164 <!--  Wledig 2026 (120S X 14E) in the Fodla system (109, 55). -->RuinSimplistic factoryThis fabrication factory is still basically intact. A few essential and valuable pieces of equipment are missing, but its purpose appears to be the manufacture of ablative spaceship armor. Much care seems to have been put into exactly imitating the manufacture of Myrrdan style hull plating.B_Factory.tga123 <!--  Bor Tuatheh 2019 (32N X 57E) in the Aircthech system (100, 8) -->RuinCoalition Landing ZoneThis flattened and cleared ground appears to have been  sheared off by careful and measured weapons fire. Various depressions in the ground bear the shape of Coalition vessels.B_Mine.tga123 <!--  Bor Tuatheh 2019 (32N X 57E) in the Aircthech system (100, 8) -->RuinThrynn Landing ZoneThis flattened and cleared ground appears to have been  sheared off by careful and measured weapons fire. Various depressions in the ground bear the shape of Thrynn vessels.B_Mine.tga123 <!--  Bor Tuatheh 2019 (32N X 57E) in the Aircthech system (100, 8) -->ArtifactHolographic Panoramic viewpointT_NavComputer.tga123 <!--  Bor Tuatheh 2019 (32N X 57E) in the Aircthech system (100, 8) -->  Military Mission 16Conversation Mission: talk to all alien races to find the reason for the Minex fleet movements(shimmering pyramid artifact)Fir Bolg I 17,93 (54S X 143E)- Center belt of the tower- first planet, RockyWar stage overview:·Elowan alliance with Thrynn, some knowledge of the Uyo/ancients·Thrynn apologetic, seeking military alliance, gloating over Elowan·Spemin insane and schizophrenic, wild statements, telepathic·Bar-zhon strategizing, isolationist, bravado over their strength·Nissan wildly pessimistic and superstitious·Minex extremely sparse dialogue sometimes possible·Coalition apologetic and giddy over salvaged technology, helpful-Bar-zhon - "The Sabion studied the Minex and believed that they originated from the first rocky planet located in the center of the belt of the tower constellation. Ruins were discovered there at planetary coordinates 54S X 143E” -Nyssian "Information in the form of knowledge or wisdom.  We are trading now.  Do not bother asking of crass physical possessions.  You do not have what I want and nothing of mine would be understandable by you.  I will grant you as a boon one valuable insight into this sector.  Many will refer to the ancient Hyperspace constellations: The Bow = 60,110, The Pearl Cluster = 20,210, The Wee Dipper = 115,180, The Mace = 200, 105, and the Ruby Tower = 10,90.""Threatening Actions”"Attempt to discover the reason for the Minex fleet movements.”"We have started to receive reports of enormous fleets moving from Minex space towards the direction of the Bar-zhon and the Thrynn.  If this is an invasion, keep in mind that the number of ships that Myrrdan has available is tiny next to the other races, and if we are discovered here it is doubtful that humanity would survive.  If this is war, attempt to find any way possible to stop the Minex before they turn their attention towards us.”"Thi Shimmering Pyramid is an advanced database written in the Minex language.  We are sending an envoy to the Minex with this artifact.”ArtifactShimmering HologramT_NavComputer.tga197  <!-- Fir Bolg I 17,93 (54S X 143E) -->   RuinExcavationThis area of ground appears to be artificially disturbed in some way.B_Mine.tga197 <!-- Bolg I 17,93  -  Shimmering Holograms -->Military Mission 17When the player contacts the coalition, they deny the charge of attacking the Elowan and Thrynn strongly.The Bar-zhon affirm the guilt of the Coalition, accuse them of being Minex collaborators and even give the player a data recording substantiating the attacks.Taking these recordings back to the Coalition, and they point out that the ships in the attacks were previously lost to them and they fought to the death, a very non-coalition behavior and that they failed to take advantage of their afterburners. They finally report that the recordings were made within Spemin territory.The Spemin report when in a schizophrenic state that "project overwash" proved to be ineffective due to Minex. They tell you that they plan to postpone efforts and conserve controlled ships. This revelation ends the mission."Unrest”"Confront the coalition concerning their attacks on the Elowan and the Thrynn”"Both Elowan and Thrynn have reported raiding attacks by the Coalition upon weak points in their territories. This is obviously far outside the Coalitions normal operating theater.  With our recently reformed relationship with them, we have been asked to confront them on this issue.”"The Spemin must be picking up signals from something.  If you notice other strange behaviors from them alert us immediately.”-- Spemin messageElowan Encounter: Unrest - no flight recorders-- artifact280 Elowan Flight Recording"Unrest”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have heard that Coalition have been raiding the Thrynn and yourselves.”"about the situation”"'Twas only recently that the Coalition hath begun their senseless attacks.  Little do we understand their purpose, as they have blown against our heaviest offenses and achieved little more than their own self-immolation.  We will momentarily provide to thee, video of their useless gestures."Elowan Encounter: Unrest - at least one flight recorder-- artifact280 Elowan Flight Recording"Unrest”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have heard that Coalition have been raiding the Thrynn and yourselves.”"about the situation”"'Twas only recently that the Coalition hath begun their senseless attacks.  Little do we understand their purpose, as they have blown against our heaviest offenses and achieved little more than their own self-immolation.  Our sensors show that you already have video of their useless gestures." Bar-zhon Encounter: Unrest - no flight recorders"Unrest”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have heard that Coalition ships have been raiding the Thrynn and Elowan.  We are here to determine the truth behind such reports and to offer our services as mediators to their disputes.”"about the situation”"Terrorists and pirates will always operate under the same banner.  Nothing more needs to be said than this: The Coalition thrives on catastrophe and chaos. They grow stronger as we grow weaker, so it is in their best interest to be Minex collaborators.  If you have any doubts, contact the Elowan or the Thrynn and obtain data recordings from them substantiating the attacks."(terminate comms)Bar-zhon Encounter: Unrest - at least one flight recorder"Unrest”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have heard that Coalition ships have been raiding the Thrynn and Elowan.  We are here to determine the truth behind such reports and to offer our services as mediators to their disputes.”"about the situation”"You have already obtained proof of the Coalition's complicity in these attacks. Nothing else needs to be said upon this subject."Coalition Encounter: Unrest - no flight recorders"Unrest”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have heard that your ships have been raiding the Thrynn and Elowan.  We are here to determine the truth behind such reports and to offer our services as mediators to any disputes.”"about the situation”"Are you nuts?  We have trouble enough avoiding Minex patrols and protecting and evacuating fragile outposts. We are also very busy collecting salvage and deciphering tech from both Minex and Bar-zhon warships.  Because of the war we are overextended within our own territory.  We can't afford to be antagonistic towards any outside party.""The Elowan and Thrynn say otherwise.”"why we should believe you?  The Elowan and Thrynn are under attack” "The crazy Minex are attacking all races including us.  Why would we help them by hurting potential allies?  We are already very busy with both the Minex and the Bar-zhon.  The Elowan and Thrynn have declared an end to their feud and are bunkering in tightly fortified positions.  Does that sound vulnerable to you?""are you sure?”"that you have no clue who's responsible” "Of course we have no clue - extended hyperspace travel is very dangerous right now.  It is probably some Minex false visual technology or some other trick."Coalition Encounter: Unrest - at least one flight recorder"Unrest”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have conclusive evidence from this flight recorder that the coalition is reading the Elowan and Thrynn!”"how you can deny this flight recorder evidence” "Very simple. The ships appearing to be Coalition vessels were previously lost to us months ago.  Either the plague or the Minex was thought responsible.  Note the poor flying skills, the insanity of fighting the death without any interest in preserving ships or lives, and the completely ineffective and useless way the afterburners were utilized.  The coalition ships in that video simply charged towards their opponents and stopped right in front of them to exchange fire.  We would never do that."<more>“"We recognize the geometry of some of the stellar constellations shown in that sensor data.  That is Spemin territory.  We would not be raiding enemy ships, even if they were enemies, within Spemin territory where other races could observe our actions. Seek out the Spemin and they should be able to confirm this or reveal the guilty party."Spemin Encounter: Unrest - no flight recorders"Unrest”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have heard that Coalition have been raiding the Thrynn and Elowan within your territory.” "about the situation”"The Coalition has always had a poor reputation but they are wise enough to know that they cannot cause us any problems.  We protect the Thrynn and Elowan as well and they have not been molested in any way."Spemin Encounter: Unrest - at least one flight recorder"Unrest”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have conclusive evidence from this flight recorder that the Coalition is raiding the Elowan and Thrynn within your territory.”"what to make of this evidence” "...Tri'na'li'da override.  'Project Overwash' has proved completely ineffective due to Minex interference.  Goal of creating the cascading state of mutual immolation known as 'war' failed.  All further efforts suspended and postponed, no further fleet actions planned.  Need to conserve controlled ships judged essential for final action.  Tri'na'li'da await direct contact from Uyo... (Mission Completed)"-- end communicationsThrynn Encounter: Unrest - no flight recorders-- artifact281 Thrynn Flight Recording"Unrest”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have heard that Coalition have been raiding the Elowan and yourselves.”"about the situation”"The Coalition is not a force to be concerned to be reckoned with. A few of their ships attacked one of our patrols within Spemin territory and were dispatched without difficulty. If you wish to confront them, I will transmitting the flight recorder data to you immediately."Thrynn Encounter: Unrest - at least one flight recorder-- artifact281 Thrynn Flight Recording"Unrest”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have heard that Coalition have been raiding the Elowan and yourselves.”"about the situation”"Do not be overly concerned over the Coalition's useless antagonism.  As long as they are foolish enough to blindly attack large military patrols as you already may see in the Elowan flight recorder data you possess, our concern is minimal.  Here is our recording of the same event."ArtifactElowan Flight RecordingT_EscapePod.tga  ArtifactThrynn Flight RecordingT_EscapePod.tgaMilitary Mission 18The player must go and talk to them to learn what the proposal is. Based on the very successful coordination between Elowan and the Thrynn, they want to try to locate similar synchronicities between other alien warships. The Bar-zhon propose holding war games between the races and find powerful ship combinations in order to find effective fleet combinations to use to challenge the Minex. Must persuade player, if not, mission ends. If successful, player goes to all other races.  (Need 4 out of 5 responses) Myrrdan is judged to have too few ships to make any difference. Both Elowan and the Thrynn agree. The Coalition and the Nyssian strongly decline. Every time the Spemin are asked, they become insane and do not answer. Because of only three participants, the event is cancelled."Tactical coordination”"Contact the Bar-zhon concerning their proposal”"The Bar-zhon have a proposal for collaboration in the war effort against the Minex. For security reasons, their broadcast to us was sparse on details. Contact them and evaluate what they are proposing.  Based on your previous successes, you have been authorized to use your own judgment in determining the merits of their proposal. Of coarse if any issues arise outside of your area of experience, you are to bring that information to Myrrdan first if the proposal has serious security ramifications.”"Player should not see this, mission ended by the Bar-zhon”Bar-zhon Encounter: Tactical Coordination - initial"Tactical Coordination”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  Did your race transmit a proposal for some type of beneficial collaboration in the war effort?”"the details of this proposal” "The Bar-zhon fleet command has put together a proposal for a series of wargames to be held cooperatively with all of the races affected by Minex aggression.  After seeing the success that others have had, it is in our best interest to find the strongest tactical ship combinations and strategies to face off Minex battle fleets.  As a member of the only race still unaffected by the plague, would you be willing to take this proposal to those races?"1. "Other's Success?” "Which others have had success with this concept?”"I am doubtlessly referring to the Elowan and the Thrynn.  Burying useless animosity, they have combined their fleets and use each other's strengths to produce a fleet many times more effective than their ships could possibly have been separately."2. "Which Races” "Which races do you wish us to contact?”"Besides the Elowan and the Thrynn, the other races which are currently fighting off the Minex are the Spemin, Nyssian, and the Coalition.  Please contact every single one of these races, even if they decline to participate.  The Tafel and the pirate clans we recognize as unapproachable."3. "Myrrdan Fleet” "Are you not interested in knowing if Myrrdan would participate?”"Despite your technology, Myrrdan numerically still has only a few hundred ships, correct?  This is fewer than even the drunken pirate clans.  The focus must be on the effective fighting forces."4. "Refuse” "We cannot help you at this time.”-- refuse, end the mission"Very well.  We will pursue this matter on our own.   (Mission Completed)"5. "Accept” "I accept this mission.”-- give the player artifact335 Bar-zhon fleet proposal"Transporting details of the proposal to you now.  I personally thank you for your assistance in this matter."Bar-zhon Encounter:  Tactical Coordination - all responses collected-- remove artifacts 335-340 and end the mission"Tactical Coordination”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have successfully contacted five races and have their responses.”"about how you will proceed with this endeavor”"The wargames are canceled.  If only two races see the benefit of such a collaboration, and those two races already have a functioning collaboration, there is little to be gained. (Mission Completed)"Elowan Encounter:  Tactical Coordination-- artifact336 Elowan response"Tactical Coordination”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with the Bar-zhon to discover fleet combinations that would be most effective in countering the Minex onslaught.”"if you would commit a few ships to tactical exercises being conducted for this purpose” "'Tis a lofty and commendable goal thou doth seek.  We commit to the Bar-zhon program 10 ships for tactical exercises."Coalition Encounter: Tactical Coordination-- artifact340 Coalition response"Tactical Coordination”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with the Bar-zhon to discover fleet combinations that would be most effective in countering the Minex onslaught.”"if you would commit a few ships to tactical exercises being conducted for this purpose” "Are you completely daft?   This Coalition has no empire to defend. We are nothing but a collection of freedom seeking individuals under oppression. Now if the Bar-zhon were willing to enact certain reforms we would fight for our freedom but it is hard to fight for something you do not have!"Nyssian Encounter: Tactical Coordination-- artifact339 Nyssian response"Tactical Coordination”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with the Bar-zhon to discover fleet combinations that would be most effective in countering the Minex onslaught.”"if you would commit a few ships to tactical exercises being conducted for this purpose” "Combat is not the purpose of our existence. Space is vast and observers like ourselves have no need to enter hopeless conflicts. When your race has learned the unavoidable inevitability of the cycles of prosperity and decline then you will at last know wisdom." Spemin Encounter: Tactical Coordination-- artifact338 Spemin response"Tactical Coordination”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with the Bar-zhon to discover fleet combinations that would be most effective in countering the Minex onslaught.”"if you would commit a few ships to tactical exercises being conducted for this purpose” "We have no need of any help to fight off the Minex.  Any moment now our secret fleet will completely overwhelm the Minex and force their surrender."Thrynn Encounter: Tactical Coordination-- artifact337 Thrynn response"Tactical Coordination”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are working with the Bar-zhon to discover fleet combinations that would be most effective in countering the Minex onslaught.”"if you would commit a few ships to tactical exercises being conducted for this purpose” "Strength and survival requires diversity and adaptation under pressure. This is a difficult lesson but a critical one.  We must first consult with our leaders but I foresee no difficulty in sending representatives to the Bar-zhon rendezvous."ArtifactBar-zhon fleet proposalT_NavComputer.tgaArtifactElowan responseT_NavComputer.tgaArtifactThrynn responseT_NavComputer.tgaArtifactSpemin responseT_NavComputer.tgaArtifactNissan responseT_NavComputer.tgaArtifactCoalition responseT_NavComputer.tgaMilitary Mission 19Defend transports Myrrdan transports traveling unexpectedly unescorted from Bar-zhon territory. Coordinates are given to the player. Bar-zhon ships meet the player instead and tell them that raiders have destroyed the transports already. Mission ends."Transport Escort Duty”"Immediately travel to 195,105, broadcast your position and wait for the transports Andermani and Mycondel to find you, and then escort them back to Myrrdan”"A number of transports hauling a combination of trade goods and mineral ore has stubbornly left Bar-zhon space for Myrrdan without any escort after their military transport suffered a central coil overload.  Your task is to immediately travel to 195,105, broadcast your position and wait for the Myrrdan transports to find you, and then escort them back to Myrrdan without delay. Piracy along this route has been rampant as military vessels have been called to face the Minex. You are urged to leave post haste.”"You did all that you could Captain.”-- Bar-zhon Sensor dataBar-zhon Encounter:"Transport Escort Duty”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  We are searching for the transports Andermani and Mycondel last seen at this location.”"about their whereabouts”"I regretfully wish to inform you that the Tridal listening station recorded the destruction of your two freighters on long range sensors."-- give the player artifact341 Bar-zhon Sensor dataMay we have copies of those logs?”"Of course.  Please also convey the sincerest regrets of the Bar-zhon people to the families of the passengers and crewmembers of the transports."ArtifactBar-zhon Sensor dataT_NavComputer.tgaMilitary Mission 20Formalizing the Bar-zhon alliance leads the player to three buildings with long sections of dialogue. Certain factions of the Bar-zhon declare Myrrdan to be nothing more than reformed pirates.  Other factions rehash all of the achievements the player has made up to this point. Player returns with draft paperwork located in third building to complete the mission."Formalizing the Bar-zhon Alliance”"Travel to the Bar-zhon world of Midir VI (201,105) at 36S X 68E to formalize our alliance with them.”"In a time of war, distinguished naval officers often performed the duty of ambassadors for their countries. The Bar-zhon government, firmly entrenched within their naval system, has requested a formal presence of a distinguished Myrrdan ship captain to attend the ceremony that will formally announce our alliance to their people. You have been elected to represent Myrrdan for this event and are directed to travel to the Bar-zhon world of Midir VI (201,105) at 36S X 68E to formalize our alliance with them.  We understand that there is some controversy concerning our alliance, but the Bar-zhon ambassador has strongly downplayed these reports and assured us that the outcome of this ceremonial ritual is mostly assured.”"Flawlessly executed as usual Captain!”-- alliance draft paperworkArtifactAlliance Draft PaperworkT_Fliers.tga261 <!--  (32S X 67E) Bar-zhon world (Midir VI - 201, 105)  -->RuinCapital CityYou and your crew are lead into a grand hall with the instruction to stand quietly during the ceremony.  Two opposite groups of Bar-zhon enter wearing decorative robes and glittering chains of metal. Individuals from the group on the left stand and make accusations: barbarians, pirates, coalition sympathizers, reckless opportunists.  After nearly an hour the group on the right stands up and starts recounting your accomplishments: Culling Coalition and pirate expansion, Minex intelligence gathering, diplomatic mediation.  The opposing group sits back down and the supporting group on your right turns towards you.  You are directed to leave the hall and travel to the domed building directly north. B_Metropolis.tga261 <!--  (36S X 68E) Bar-zhon world (Midir VI - 201, 105)  -->RuinDomed StructureSix elderly Bar-zhon stand impassively at a huge conference table as you and your crew approach.  After you approach, a seventh ancient looking Bar-zhon in a simple brown robe enters and calls to you. "Myrrdan has been granted entrance into the Esteemed Bar-zhon alliance.  Do you accept?" After answering in the affirmative, a stack of papers is placed upon the table and all of the Bar-zhon quietly file out.B_Research.tga261<!--  (33S X 68E) Bar-zhon world (Midir VI - 201, 105)  -->ArtifactDiplomatic PouchT_NavComputer.tgaMilitary Mission 21Ancients stage overview:·Elowan rebuilding, much lore of the ancients, very friendly·Thrynn completely hostile, claims player is Uyo·Spemin completely controlled by robotic Tri'na'li'da·Bar-zhon distressed and broken·Nissan very helpful and positive, knowledgeable about other races·Minex concise yet very open and friendly·Coalition giddy over salvaged technology, helpfulQuest #59: Conversation Mission: talk to all alien races to find hints about how to contact the ancients(Ancient Database Plates)Lir IV 175, 181 (37N X 8W)- outward of The Wee Dipper- class M starClues to completion:Minex: "We have scouted and controlled this particular region of space for tens of thousands of years.  This technology is far outside both of our sciences, not merely beyond it.  Investigate and search for its source.  Start at Lir IV.""what is located at Lir IV?""We know this area of space.  The planetary system of that M-class star repels us psychically.  The In'tral'ess may be there. The nomadic wanderers within that territory may know more. Ask them."Nyssian: "The other clue is this: Interpolating patterns of ancient ruins show a particular focus and symmetry around the planetary coordinates of 47N X 45E and 37N X 8W.  Significant finds on many ancient worlds are often found at these coordinates.  I am not equipped for planetary expeditions. You will have to investigate yourself.""Quest for the Ancients”"Discover how to contact the ancients.”"The Minex have suddenly withdrawn and issued a communiqué to Myrrdan concerning the Shimmering Pyramid we gave them.  In short, they state that they have able to recover a significant amount of their history from the device and believe that only the Ancients can stop the propagation of the nanomachines creating this plague, since they once cured the Minex of a similar sickness in the past.  Your primary mission is to contact the Minex to confirm their change of disposition. Your secondary mission is to start a new search and contact all of the other alien races to hopefully discover any artifact or technology capable of contacting the Ancients.”"Excellent work captain!  We will start work immediately to decode this artifact, whatever it really is.”ArtifactAncient Database PlatesT_Books.tga391 <!--  Lir IV 175, 181 (37N X 8W) -->  RuinAncient RuinThis ancient symmetrical structure defies categorization.  Deep in a cave formation under the city itself a block formation made entirely of etched endurium has been found. Xenoarchaeologists have theorized that this device may be some data storage unit or ancient database organized by thick stacks of bound plates.B_Tomb.tga391 <!--  Lir IV  Lir IV 175, 181 (37N X 8W) Military Mission 22Quest #60: The Infected swarm a planet of the Bar-zhon.  Ceridwen in the Ailil system (188, 88) Investigate ruins showing their ruthless nature. No survivors, and all of the infected ones left the planet. Minex commentary about infected finishes the mission."Overrun”"Investigate the Bar-zhon planet of Ceridwen in the Ailil system (188, 88) and provide whatever rescue or aid possible.”"A SOS has been picked up from the Bar-zhon border world of Ceridwen in the Ailil system.(188, 88)  The transmission ends with the destruction of the station, but describes an invasion of the planet by a large group of supposedly friendly alien races working in tandem. The time lag to the nearest Bar-zhon outpost is only hours, but the delay before it reached us has been over 8 days, so it is likely that any active combat operations has already been resolved.  Your primary task is to assist the Bar-zhon in any way possible and secondarily to investigate the incident itself.”"Player should not see this, mission ended by the Minex.”Random Locations:Razed Structures... Colonial government office at 2N X 47W ...B_Factory.tgaBurning RubbleThe bodies have been buried by the Bar-zhon via transporter, but the number of bloodstains and burn marks on walls and floors presents a grisly tale.B_ShantyTown.tgaMelted RuinsDeep grooves dug into the ground through this civilian area indicate heavy beam weapons fire from overhead.B_Mine.tgaRuinMonumentNew Stone Monument: "On the 48th of 27945 all inhabitants of this colony were cruelly slaughtered when infected ones overwhelmed the valiant and selfless Bar-zhon military.  Let all observe a day of silence for perpetuity."B_Tomb.tga101  <!-- Quest # 60: Ceridwen (0 X 0)  in the Ailil system (188, 88) -->RuinFissifLog:  Traffic control has picked up an unscheduled convoy on LR. Vectoring gives us almost two days to prepare a welcome and stockpile trade goods...  The only purpose of these invaders is our extermination. They act as if they are remote controlled, no creative thinking.  If only they did not possess all of the heavy weaponry and exhibit such incredible reaction speed reflexes we might have had a chance...B_Metropolis.tga101  <!-- Quest # 60: Ceridwen (2N X 47W) in the Ailil system (188, 88) -->RuinLarge CitySign: Commemoration monument 0 X 0B_Tomb.tga101  <!-- Quest # 60: Ceridwen (2N X 47W) in the Ailil system (188, 88) -->Minex Encounter:"Overrun”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  Myrrdan picked up an emergency distress signal from the Starbase at Ceridwen in the Ailil system (188, 88).”"about the attack on the Bar-zhon in that system”"You were warned about this already.""What were we warned of?” "Allowing contagion directed aliens freedom of movement only allows those who are infected to gather their strength and attack us all more effectively.  We ceased culling the infected due to your request."-- end the mission“What was their objective?”"what their objective was at Ceridwen” "The virus now has exceeded the number of sentients it can control. Those superfluous numbers are used for low priority objectives such as this.  It is seeking the isolation of cooperating races through terror tactics.  It knows that much pressure will be placed upon keeping spaceships held in defensive orbits from now on, limiting you.  This is all we have to say upon this subject. (Mission Completed)"Bar-zhon Encounter:"Overrun”"Greetings Bar-zhon. This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  Myrrdan picked up an emergency distress signal from your Starbase at Ceridwen in the Ailil system (188, 88).”"if there is any way we may assist you” "You are too late. It is too late for all of us. The rampaging infected have already left leaving nothing in their wake.""what happened” "The small picket force defending the system picked up a large fleet of incoming vessels. Since they were using civilian grade drive and no form of stealth, it was assumed that this was a large trading convoy with their escorts. After they entered the system the presence of Tafel ships gave them away.  A large fleet of Tafel, Bar-zhon, Spemin, and Thrynn ships of all types, including maybe one or two Elowan scouts approached the system from every vector and simply overwhelmed the defenders uncaring of any losses.""how infected ships fight” "Infected ships somehow upgrade the weapon systems of their ships by roughly 40 percent in terms of damage and accuracy.  Active sensors are not even used as if infected already knew where their opponents were.  Much effort has been expended into figuring out just how this is possible. Defensive systems are left on automatics or even ignored, as if they were completely uncaring of losses.  Battles tend to be short and brutal.""What was their objective?”"what their objective was at Ceridwen” "Objective?  I thought I was already clear on that point. Their only objective was to kill every living thing on the planet and then flee. The few evacuees lucky enough to escape before the massacre were able to watch their families and friends perish.  Logs kept at the city of Fissif where traffic control was located may reveal more."-- Terminate<More>"Bar-zhon Fleet command has decided that the cost of sufficiently rebuilding and defending the Ailil system is not feasible at this time.  No Naval vessels defend the few hundred refugees who decided to return to the planet once numbering among the millions.  Enough on this subject."Military Mission 23Quest #63: Data from survey in mission number 11 has been thoroughly analyzed by the Minex. They have located a city of the ancients and the player returns with a Crystal Sphere (endgame)Crystal_Sphere - Mathgen IV 212,3 (15N X 6E)- Outer planet-Minex: "The In'tral'ess or Ancients gifted us or enhanced us with the mental powers to fight the Uyo.  Much knowledge over the ages has been lost.  Either the Uyo genetically damaged us or the eternal ones may have withdrawn their gifts.  Our last confirmed contact with them was in the system Mathgen IV 212,3."-Elowan: "We had ascertained that a city of the ancients existed in our home sector, within a system inside the rim of starforming nebulae, almost exactly 100 parsecs upspin from the war-torn Veloxi homeworld.  Landing coordinates in empire terminology were 15N X 6E.  How thou couldst make use of this knowledge is not known since that realm is nay inaccessible.""City of the Ancients”"Locate a City of the Ancients and return with a Crystal Sphere.”"The Minex have decoded the Ancient Database Plates. The pertinent data is the discovery of 'focal points' in ancient society.  The Minex describe these focal points as vast assemblies of ruins filled with endurium, often containing samples of advanced technology.  A high-energy device such as a pearl-sized crystal sphere could boost their telepathic abilities to the level where it would be possible for them to contact the ancients directly.  Your mission is to locate a city of the ancients in the hope that a crystal sphere may be recovered.”ArtifactCrystal SphereCrystal_Sphere.tga486 <!-- Mathgen IV 212,3 (15N X 6E) -->  RuinAncient RuinThis ancient symmetrical structure defies categorization.  This ancient structure is several times more massive than similar structures.B_Tomb.tga486 <!--Mathgen IV 212,3  -  Crystal Sphere -->  Freelance Mission 1Originally a multiple-choice interrogation and first contact negotiation with the Tafel would let the player purchase this item or obtain it for free. Since they are now a hostile race only with no artwork, the only option is to salvage it from a destroyed ship."Stellar Data”"Obtain a Tafel Data System by any means necessary.”"A source is willing to pay for stellar charts of the region possessed by the Tafel.  Their ships mainly group in the region of space upspin from us.  Either convince them to give us stellar data of this region or else destroy enough of their ships to salvage another datacore.  Our source reported that the Tafel were not hostile but the last ship we sent out did not return. We are confident that you will not become lost in space like they were!”"That should fill in the holes in our maps!”Freelance Mission 2Obtain the ticking cylinder from Fiacha III 219,179, at landing coordinates 63N, 147W. Taking the artifact to the Nyssian will complete the mission."Archaeology Appropriation”"Investigate planet Fiacha III (219,179), at landing coordinates 152N X 64W.”"Information obtained from, ahh, anonymous sources indicate that something unusual was recovered at a Myrrdan archaeological dig on a world far downspin and coreward from here.  Investigate planet Fiacha III (219,179), at landing coordinates 152N X 64W.  If you impersonate their supply ship, you should be able to pick up any artifacts on site without a fuss.  After you pick it up, your buyer is one of the nomadic race downspin of the Bar-zhon.”"The player should not see this, the Nyssian will complete the mission.”ArtifactTicking CylinderT_Plates.tga405  <!-- Fiacha III 219,179 -->RuinIndustrial CityRuins of a plastics and ceramics age civilization.B_Metropolis.tga405 <!--   Fiacha III 219,179 -  Ticking Cylinder -->Nyssian Encounter:"Freelance Mission #27:  sell artifact from archaeological dig - ticking sphereCan you tell us about...”"...”"Do you by random chance happen to have a ticking cylinder on board?  If so, I can give you 9 units of endurium for it."1. "Yes, we have that artifact and are willing to trade.”--active_quest = active_quest + 1--artifact25 (Ticking Cylinder) = 0--endurium = endurium + 9"Very Good.  (Mission Completed)"2. "I could not let it go for less than 12 endurium.”"I am not an individual subject to vagaries of negotiation.  I have only one offer and one offer alone.  Please accept it or reject it."3. "No, we don't have that artifact.”"No subterfuge is necessary.  If you wish to keep the artifact, I will no longer bother you about this matter."4. "I'm not willing to part with it right now.”(End Communications)Freelance Mission 3Contact a Nyssian ship, attempt to purchase data crystals, the player is given an option to terminate the mission, trying to use force or bribe them with endurium fails, telling them the truth about why you want the reaper ends the mission and severely hurts your attitude with them. The only successful option is to go to the Thrynn and obtain a reaper from them. This requires that the player have more than 10 m³ of radium (51) and/or uranium (52) in their hold. All uranium and radium are given to the Thrynn in exchange for one Thrynn reaper, and then this item can be taken back to the Nyssian to obtain the data crystals."Database”"Contact a Nyssian ship and try to purchase these data crystals or optionally use violence to salvage a collection of data crystals.”"A trustworthy intelligence source has recently confirmed that all Nyssian ships like the one you dealt with in your last mission carry optical data crystals with vast amounts of data on this region of space.  We have a number of potential buyers interested in paying quite well for this information.  Contact a Nyssian ship and try to purchase these data crystals or optionally use violence to salvage a collection of data crystals.”"These histories stretch back tens of thousands of years.”-- Nyssian data crystalsNyssian Encounter: Obtain Data Crystals - no reaper“Acquiring Nyssian Data Crystals.” "Nyssian vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have widely heard of your wisdom and knowledge.”"your computer library of data crystals”"My databank of stellar data spans thousands of years of information. You do not possess sufficient resources of any type worth considering.  Actually you may assist me in one way.  Obtain a Thrynn reaper for my study and I will be willing to part with a copy of my data crystal library."1. "Thrynn reaper” "what a Thrynn reaper is”"what a Thrynn reaper is”"A Thrynn reaper is a very bulky, impractical hand combat device. It's atomic energy pack and high energy output make it too dangerous to use onboard spacecraft, but on a planet against unshielded targets it would be devastating.  It could clear an entire forest within minutes if you want to understand its purpose.  Seek one out and bring it back."2. "Bribe” "What about in exchange for 20 endurium crystals?”"Normally I would be interested in your generous offer.  I will unfortunately not compromise this time."3. "You will turn over your data crystals, Now! “-- attack"Regrettably, I must decline your forceful persuasion.  Nyssians will never concede to forceful influence or threats of that nature."4. "Forget this.  I'm not going to bother.”--active_quest = active_quest + 1goto=1, ftest= 1"Wise choice.  You would be unlikely to profit from this.  Perform other tasks and do not inquire again.  (Mission Completed)"Nyssian Encounter: Obtain Data Crystals - player possesses a reaper“Acquiring Nyssian Data Crystals.” "Nyssian vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have obtained a Thrynn Reaper.”"your computer library of data crystals”"My thanks for your ingenuity. Transferring data crystals now."Thrynn Encounter:  Obtain Data Crystals - obtaining a reaperAcquiring Nyssian Data Crystals.” "Thrynn vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  “"a reaper”"We are actively engaged in a deadly struggle against monstrous creatures which hate all animal life and you want us to give away military technology to you?  Why should we give you such a device?"1. "Truth” "The Nyssian want the technology.”--active_quest = active_quest + 1"The Nyssian do nothing but spy for the other races.  I will politely suggest that you never inquire of any Thrynn concerning this subject again.  We will remember those who try to act as stooges for our enemies and will not tolerate any smaller action in the future.   (Mission Completed)"(End Communications)2. "Bribe” "What about in exchange for 20 endurium?”"I may be persuaded not with energy crystals but with radioactives.  Do you possess at least 10 units of radium and/or uranium?"a. "Yes, transporting now.”--Chuck the quantity of radium and uranium--if player has at least 10 units of radium and uranium-- artifact = 1 -- reaper"Commencing exchange. ""You are admonished not to distribute Thrynn war technology. This sample is for your own personal use only."--Chuck the quantity of radium and uranium - less than 10-- terminate"Do not attempt deception. Return when you have sufficient quantities."b. "No.”"Very well. "(End Communications)3. "Force” "You will give us a copy of this device now!“-- attack"Roar!"4. "Forget this.  I'm not going to bother.” --active_quest = active_quest + 1"Very well. (Mission Completed)"Freelance Mission 4Contact the coalition about the stolen orb. If their attitude is above 60, or if you bribe them with five endurium, they will tell you about Lazerarp and that the orb is on the north pole of the planet.  The Bar-zhon describe how the device was stolen from them, vaguely what it does, and refer you to the Nyssian.  The Nyssian tell the player that Lazerarp is known as Alastir, the first planet of the system Tat. (132,125)Bar-zhon: demands immediate return for no compensation or if refused, attacks the player and attitude drops by 50 pointsCoalition: 15cm of endurium or increase laser class by onestarport: 6000 credits"The Orb”"Contact the Coalition about a stolen orb, locate it, and return it to Myrrdan, the Coalition, or the Bar-zhon for a reward.”"Members of the Coalition have run across information about a Bar-zhon artifact that was recently stolen by pirates.  They have the details about this orb, and you must ask them for further information, but keep in mind that both they and the Bar-zhon are interested in retrieving the device.  In addition there are factions here at home that are interested and willing to pay well for it.”"This whining orb is somewhat familiar.  Glad you didn't sell it elsewhere.”Coalition Encounter:  Hunt for the Orb - before obtaining it“The Bar-zhon orb” "Coalition vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].”"a Bar-zhon orb”"Now why would someone like me be aware of a fine artifact like that?"1. "Please?” "We are friends, aren't we?”-- if attitude => 60"What is this?  Pleading and scraping?""I wouldn't say as much as good friends, but I'd rather you look into this then certain others, if you know what I mean.  One of our contacts ran across information about an unusual communication artifact that was stashed on a planet known as Lazerarp at the north pole of the planet.  Now if we knew where that planet was, we would obtain the device ourselves.  Unfortunately our sources have turned up nothing."-- if attitude < 60"I can't really say I'd ever be affected by such stupidity.  Get Lost!"2. "5 Endurium” "Maybe you could use some extra resources (5 endurium)”--endurium - 5"That is quite generous of you.  One of our contacts overheard information about an unusual communication artifact that was stashed on a planet known as Lazerarp at the north pole of the planet.  Now if we knew where that planet was, we would obtain the device ourselves."3. "Demand!” "You will tell me what you know immediately.”"You think that I am worried about some sort of upstart such as yourself and your race?   I have principles and am not worried about your type.  Keep that in mind if you survive."(Attack player)4. "Never mind” "Forget this.  I'm not going to bother. “(End Communications)Mission +1Coalition Encounter:  Hunt for the Orb - after obtaining it“Can you tell us about...”"Our scanners indicate that you are carrying the whining orb.  If you are willing to sell this to me I am ready to transport 15 cubic meters of endurium in exchange."1. "15 endurium” "Yes, I'll sell it for 15 endurium”--artifact16 = 0 (Whining Orb)--endurium + 15--active_quest = active_quest + 1 "Very nice device this is.  Good doing business with you.  (Mission Completed)"2. "No.”(End Communications)  3. "Suggest another offer” "Are you able to give us anything else for it?”--artifact16 = 0 (Whining Orb)--ship_laser_class = ship_laser_class + 1--active_quest = active_quest + 1 "I'm sending over my chief engineer to take a look at your weapon systems.  We might just find a way to upgrade your lasers in exchange for this device.  (Mission Completed)"Bar-zhon Encounter:  Returning the Whining orb - hint“A Whining orb” "Bar-zhon vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].” "about a whining orb”"Yes.  Such a device is a primitive communications code breaker for one unique type of code that we've never been able to find.  Our current communication systems far surpasses its capacity.  We have fully integrated it's abilities into our software centuries ago on the chance we would ever found a use for it.   The original device was stolen out of one of our museums. "“Also could you tell us where Lazerarp is? “"Please classify that label.  Our systems do not understand the word.  What is a Lazerarp? "“Lazerarp is supposedly a planet.”"I still am unable to find any reference or even a partial match utilizing any derivation of that label.  Go bother the Nyssian.  A few of their ships wander the empty territory downspin of our own.  If any race knows unusual or dead languages it would be them."Bar-zhon Encounter:  Returning the Whining orb - in possession of the orb"Can you tell us about...” "...”"Halt!  Our scanners indicate that you are trafficking in stolen merchandise.  You will immediately return the whining orb or face consequences. "1. "Sure, go ahead and take it.”--artifact16 = 0 (Whining Orb)--active_quest = active_quest + 1,"You have done well to submit to our authority.   (Mission Completed)"2. "No.”"You have been classified as a pirate and appropriate measures will be taken."(Attack the player)3. "35 units of endurium”  "We are willing to return this device for 35 units of endurium.”"No reimbursement will be made for stolen merchandise.  You must return this artifact immediately."Nyssian Encounter:  Locate the whining orb“Seeking the Whining Orb” "Nyssian vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have widely heard of your wisdom and knowledge.”"the location of the planet Lazerarp” "Yes, but in order to correlate the location I will need your navigational computer data.  Will you be willing to transmit that data to me?"“Yes, transmitting now.”"Lazerarp is known to you as Alastir, the first planet of the system Tat. (132,125)  What is the significance of this world?"“Lazerarp has been used by pirates we are tracking.”"Ahh.  Such mundane issues are beneath my attention.  You are welcome to pursue whatever revenge or vanity you wish.  This topic no longer is of interest. "ArtifactWhining OrbT_Reactor.tga70 <!-- Alastir, Tat 132,125 -->RuinPrimitive StructuresThis pirate repair facility is primitive and appears abandoned. Extremely basic facilities are in bad repair and full of the debris and trash.B_ShantyTown.tga70 <!-- Whining Orb --> <!-- Alastir, Tat 132,125 -->RuinBroken Probe Fragment"...Alonso Borno, Bar-zhon Ministry of Internal Security, personal log.  I have traced the scoundrel Xenon to his latest rendezvous with some local pirates but only found some small junk fragments and trash.  Erm... Computer, erase previous sentence. I have fearlessly chased the scoundrel Xenon to his latest rendezvous but he barely was able to evade capture and escape by sacrificing a few local pirates as a misdirection.  The Ministry of Security is badly in need of additional pursuit craft effective..."B_ShantyTown.tga70 <!-- Alastir, Tat 132,125 -->RuinBroken Probe Fragment"...Xenon left a credit balance of 0 in the accounts he created under several pseudo-names. Maybe this is a subtle hint to his cohorts. Maybe it is not a zero but an Oh!  He is traveling to one of the four class O stars! We will set a trap for him and his band! Requesting immediate reinforcements at Kercso (192, 152), Enna (105, 112), Othearipi (54, 20) and Forgoll (67, 11)  Highest priority on my personal esteemed authority.  Borno over and out.  Computer, end recording. These homing flight recorders still make the strangest thunk when I launch them from a the planetary surface of a planet. I wonder if I will hear that noise again..."B_ShantyTown.tga70 <!-- Alastir, Tat 132,125 -->Freelance Mission 5Contact the Nyssian about their amazing artifact. They demand a Minex silver gadget that may be obtained by destroying Minex ships, or by trading for one from the Coalition.  The Coalition is looking for the spiral lens device of the Thrynn.   The Thrynn in their normal conversation about general information will tell you that the spiral ends may be obtained from Eocho in the Etarlam (172,118) system at coordinates 47S X 95W."The Incredible Astounding Amazing Artifact”"Contact the Nyssian and obtain their amazing artifact.”"The Nyssian have discovered something they call an amazing artifact and have sent broadcasts blanketing the entire region of space with the news.  We have several clients who are willing to pay well for it. Go and encounter a Nyssian scout ship and find out what it will take to get hold of it.“"This thing doesn't even appear that old.   Fortunately our contract to acquire this thing is ironclad.”Nyssian Encounter:  - initial“Acquiring The Amazing Artifact.” "Nyssian vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  Rumors have reached us.”"The Amazing Artifact”"You would indeed!  This device is of ancient manufacture and is truly unique and will inspire countless technological discoveries."“What do you want for it?”"what you want in exchange for The Amazing Artifact” "Only one item and one item alone are we willing to accept.  Return with a Minex silver gadget and nothing else.  You may obtain such a device from destroying Minex warships but an easier alternative is possible.  I know that the Coalition has recently salvaged such a device on their own and may be willing to part with it."Nyssian Encounter:  - final trade"--artifact26 = 1 (Amazing Artifact)--artifact23 = 0 (Minex Silver Gadget)I have a Minex silver gadget for you.” "Nyssian vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"The Amazing Artifact in exchange for this Minex silver gadget”"You will be most pleased.  I am transporting The Amazing Artifact now in exchange."Coalition Encounter: - before obtaining the spiral lens“Do you have a Minex silver gadget?” "Coalition vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have heard of your reputation.” "a Minex silver gadget.”"Very astute of your people to discover this.  I take it you are interested in buying it?"“Yes.”"It so happens that I have access to the artifact in question.  It is very advanced technology.  If you were to bring us the spiral lens device that the Thrynn are interested in I could be persuaded to make an exchange."1. "Moolah!” "Would you take resources, say like 10 endurium?” "Such minor amounts of resources are not worth bothering with.  Bring us this technology or forget it."2. "Where is it?” "Where could I find the spiral lens?” "Ask the Thrynn.  We heard rumors that they tracked down its location but have not bothered to get it themselves.  Foolish for them."3. "The spiral lens has been already given away.” "I already turned over the lens to the Thrynn.” "If this is true then you can obtain your own Minex technology the hard way. "Coalition Encounter: after obtaining the spiral lens"We have a spiral lens”“I have a spiral lens in exchange for a Minex silver gadget.”"I am prepared to send you our the Minex silver gadget."--artifact23 = 1 (Minex Silver Gadget)--artifact13 = 0 (Spiral Lens)Transmitting unit now.”"I am transporting the silver gadget in exchange."RuinAbandoned FacilityThis long abandoned facility appears to be previously stripped of anything of value. Primitive and heavy machinery of indeterminate value and purpose lies in crumbling buildings. Radiometric decay indicates a passage of 48 years since anything was active at this site.B_Factory.tga240 <!-- Eocho, Etarlam 172,118 -  Spiral Lens -->ArtifactSpiral LensT_EscapePod.tga240 <!-- Eocho, Etarlam 172,118 - 47S X 95W-->  Hint for Freelance Mission 10RuinDamaged Probe"...Alonso Borno, Bar-zhon Ministry of Internal Security personal log.  HQ has requested that their most accomplished diplomat and top inspector in the galaxy bring these plant things into line. The only problem is that every time I tell them why I'm right and they are wrong they start shooting.  The logical next step is to talk to others about this conflict.  The Thrynn have been no help but possibly the Spemin or the Nyssian might know something.  Now if I could only just find them.  Borno over and out!  THUNK!"B_ShantyTown.tga  Freelance Mission 6Parallel to military mission # 30.  If the coalition attitude is 60 or above, when the player gives them 10 endurium, the attitude is increased to 70 an afterburner is provided. If not, the attitude is increased by 10, the player receives nothing, and the communication session is ended and has to be repeated again until the attitude is above 70.Increasing their attitude through conversation first is far cheaper."The Runners”"Obtain a Coalition Afterburner through diplomacy or combat.”"The Bar-zhon have run across a new Coalition drive technology in their skirmishes and want a working sample.  This device is known as a Coalition afterburner, and has been giving the coalition a significant tactical advantage in their conflict.  It may possible to bribe a Coalition captain to obtain the technology, but if that fails, destroying a sufficient number of Coalition ships should eventually allow an enterprising captain to salvage a functioning unit.”"This thruster tech should keep the eggheads happy.”2, 20, 1, --  coalition afterburnerCoalition Encounter: Obtain a Coalition Afterburner“We are seeking an afterburner”"Coalition vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  We have heard of one of your recent innovations.”"one of your afterburners”"You would want us to give up our great new technological advantage?  This new technology is secret and proprietary.  I could never turn it over to an alien like yourself."1. "Demand” "Turn over a sample or you're not going to survive.”"You are not likely to survive.  Let me demonstrate our afterburner's capacities for you."(End Communications)2. "10 endurium” "10 endurium for your afterburner.”"I'm sorry, I can't hear you.  If I did hear you, it sounded like you were trying to purchase restricted technology, which I am not allowed to do."3. "Secret deal” "I Understood. We never met. I happened to be ejecting 10 endurium”--player_Endurium= player_Endurium -10--attitude = attitude + 10"Thanks for your contribution to our war fund.  Most generous of you."-- if attitude =>70--artifact20 = artifact20 + 1 (Coalition Afterburner)Any spare parts? We seem to be having engine problems.”"Of course.  Always happy to assist generous friends.  Transporting some extra components to you now. "-- if attitude <70Any spare parts? We seem to be having engine problems.”"Nothing unfortunately available today.  Thanks for your contribution, we have got to get running along now. Things to do, sentients to take care of."Coalition Encounter: Coalition afterburner--artifact20 = 0 (Coalition Afterburner)--active_quest = active_quest + 1--ship_shield_class = ship_shield_class + 1“I have a coalition afterburner unit for you.”"Excellent work.  Your species shows considerable promise.  I have been authorized to enhance the defensive shielding of your vessel in exchange. "--artifact20 = 0 (Coalition Afterburner)--active_quest = active_quest + 1--ship_shield_class = ship_shield_class + 1“I'm sending it by the transporter now.”"Due to your efforts I will provide you enhancements for the defensive shielding of your vessel.  (Mission Completed)"--artifact20 = 0 (Coalition Afterburner)--active_quest = active_quest + 1--ship_shield_class = ship_shield_class + 1“I'm sending it by the transporter now.”"We are unable to improve the efficiency of your shields, but we are willing to provide you a monetary award of energy crystals.   (Mission Completed)"Freelance Mission 7Parallel to military mission # 31.  If the player chooses to destroy Elowan ships to obtain a shield capacitor, the Thrynn will increase the player's laser class by up to 2 levels if possible.  If the player chooses to destroy Thrynn ships to obtain a Thrynn Battle Machine, the player is given an upgrade to their shields by 1 level if possible."Killer Plants”"Enter the war zone near 45,30 and either salvaged an Elowan Shield capacitor to the Thrynn, or salvage something for the Elowan.”"Envoys of the Thrynn have reached Myrrdan and they are currently begging the powers that be for aid.  They claim they are under attack by intelligent and hostile carnivorous plants known as the Elowan.  A skirmish is currently occurring on the border of Thrynn space somewhere near 45,30.  According to the Thrynn, Elowan ships possess advanced shielding technology and the Thrynn are willing to give us specifications on their top laser weaponry in exchange for your help. On the other hand, covert scans of the Thrynn ships docked here show many useful technologies as well.  A profitable venture would be to either destroy as many Elowan ships necessary to obtain one of their shield capacitors and then take a sample to the Thrynn, or to destroy enough Thrynn ships to find something to take to the Elowan.  Choose what you want to do, but make sure you line up a buyer first.”"Player should never see this message.  Resolved by the Elowan or Thrynn”Elowan Encounter:“Could you use aid against the Thrynn?”"Elowan Scout.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  We have heard of your current umm...tactical situation with the Thrynn.”"something in exchange for our military support”"We extend to thee no vine and if thou would have it otherwise you must prove thy intentions against the Thrynn war machine.  Return with a Thrynn Battle Machine and thou willst earn our gratitude."“Why don't you have one?”"why you not been able to salvage one yourself” "Our small ships are not equipped for salvage operations."“What will you give us?”"what would you give us for our efforts” "Thy shielding technology appears primitive and we mayst perchance improve on it.  No more do we have time at this junction."Elowan Encounter: Thrynn Battle Machine--artifact14 = 0 (Thrynn Battle Machine)--active_quest = active_quest + 1--ship_shield_class = ship_shield_class + 1“I have brought a Thrynn Battle Machine.”"Elowan Scout.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  We have acquired a Thrynn Battle Machine.”"something in exchange it”"We awaiteth receipt of said device."--artifact20 = 0 (Coalition Afterburner)--active_quest = active_quest + 1--ship_shield_class = ship_shield_class + 1“I'm sending it now.”"We are transporting to thee specifications of our shielding technology.   (Mission Completed)"--artifact20 = 0 (Coalition Afterburner)--active_quest = active_quest + 1--ship_shield_class = ship_shield_class + 1“I'm sending it now.”"Surpassed our own technology, your shielding has.  We offer instead an exchange of Myrrdan energy crystals.   (Mission Completed)"Thrynn Encounter: Initial"Thrynn vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”“I understand you want a shield capacitor?”"You understand correctly.  Bring one to us and we will upgrade your laser weaponry if possible. I do not have the time to elaborate further as we are currently attempting to repulse an unprovoked Elowan offensive."Thrynn Encounter: Shield Capacitor--remove Elowan Shield Capacitor--active_quest = active_quest + 1--ship_laser_class = ship_laser_class + 1 or 2“Elowan Shield Capacitor”"Thrynn vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].”"something in exchange for an Elowan Shield Capacitor” "Very well.  You have shown your willingness to assist us against irrational aggression.  We are transmitting specifications for our advanced laser cannons.  Your people should be able to adapt the technology easily. "“Transporting device now.”"We are transmitting specifications for our advanced laser cannons.  Your people should be able to adapt the technology easily.  (Mission Completed)"“Transporting device now.”"We assess that your vessel's energy weapon technology is equivalent to ours.  Most unfortunate.  We are transporting a number of energy crystals instead of what to you would be superfluous technology.  (Mission Completed)"--endurium = endurium + 2“Why do you need one?”"Why you not been able to obtain one yourselves”"We do not truly need the unit.  Your actions have increased the Elowan's distrust of Myrrdan.  This is not a negative thing.   The Thrynn Confederacy is willing to enter into a profitable alliance with your people now that you have demonstrated your fortitude."Freelance Mission 8When this mission is active, the Minex instantly attack the player.  That being said, retrieving the artifact 'Erratic Energy Devices' is very straightforward. The artifact can be returned to starport for a reward, or alternatively the coalition will reward the player with their choice of either 40 endurium, +1 to shielding (if possible) or +1 to lasers (if possible)"Covert Operation”"Retrieve any artifacts found on planet Inchegeela II (59,210) at coordinates 135N X 133W”"Myrrdan scientists have decoded data sources dating from the Great War between the Bar-zhon and the three imperialists that indicate that an advanced alien research lab was held in a secret location far away from the conflict.  This lab now lies on the planet Inchegeela II (59,210) at coordinates 135N X 133W deep within Minex space.  The Minex are not overtly hostile, but intelligence indicates that their ships are very powerful and they are known to attack vessels in their territory.  Avoid all contact and simply get in and get out.  The Myrrdan council wants deniability, so if you get in trouble out there you will be on your own.  An insurgent group that shall go nameless is also interested in any technology you find, but Myrrdan is more then willing to provide decent compensation as long as you return any technology here.”"This technology is like nothing we've ever seen.”RuinEnigmatic TownThis uncanny facility is extremely alien and appears unnatural. Buildings are manufactured with only the most primitive materials and their architecture lacks any sort of symmetry or consistency.  There are no signs of habitation or life, yet not a single trace of dust or corrosion. The buildings absorb and dampen all forms of electromagnetic radiation making dating impossible.B_ShantyTown.tga479 <!-- Inchegeela II 59,210  -  Erratic Energy Devices -->ArtifactErratic Energy DevicesT_Wizards.tga  <!--  Inchegeela II 59,210 -->Coalition Encounter: Erratic Energy Devices“Can you tell us about...”"I'm detecting that you have on board an erratic energy device.  Would you be interested in selling it?"1. "40 Endurium” "I'll sell it for 40 cubic meters of endurium.”  goto=97100, -- thenif attitude >= 60--artifact17 = 0 (Erratic Energy Devices)--endurium +40--active_quest = active_quest + 1"Deal!  You realize that ..umm.. never mind, I have some urgent business elsewhere.  (Mission Completed)"(End Communication)if attitude < 60"Get lost!"(End Communication)2. "Shielding Tech” "Could you enhance our ships defensive technology?”--artifact17 = 0 (Erratic Energy Devices)--ship_shield_class = ship_shield_class + 1--active_quest = active_quest + 1"Deal!  I'm transmitting data on our latest shielding enhancements.  Your engineer should be able to make use of this data. You realize that ..umm.. never mind, I have some urgent business elsewhere."“Transporting device now.”"I'm sending over my chief engineer to take a look at your shielding systems.  Send him back when he's done, eh?  (Mission Completed)"“Transporting device now.”"Our chief engineer can't make heads or tails of your mess. Sorry Spud, can't help you out.  (Mission Completed)"3. "Weapon Tech” "Could you enhance our ships offensive technology?”--artifact17 = 0 (Erratic Energy Devices)--ship_laser_class = ship_laser_class + 1--active_quest = active_quest + 1"We might just find a way to upgrade your lasers in exchange for this device.  Send it to us first."“Transporting device now.”"I'm sending over my chief engineer to take a look at your weapon systems.  Send her back when she's done, eh?  (Mission Completed)"“Transporting device now.”"Our chief engineer can't make heads or tails of your mess. Sorry Spud, can't help you out.  (Mission Completed)"4. "No, our scientists want this device themselves “(End Communication)Freelance Mission 9Also very simple, pick up the artifact and contact all alien races to see who will pay the most:Elowan: not interestedThrynn: 16 enduriumSpemin: not interestedBar-zhon: 12 endurium or 15 enduriumNyssian: attacks the playerMinex: no option to askCoalition: not interested"Supply and Demand”"Retrieve the Unusual Artistic Containers on the planet Ildathach at coordinates 51S X 127W and sell to the highest bidder.”"Unusual Artistic Containers were recently found in an archaeological dig in our solar system on the planet Ildathach at coordinates 51S X 127W.  Radioactive dating shows these artifacts are incredibly ancient, and we have been given the task of discovering what they are worth and acting accordingly.”"Player should never see this message, mission ended by the Thrynn or the Bar-zhon.”ArtifactArtistic ContainersT_Pottery.tga  RuinMyrrdan Archaeological Dig # 42Myrrdan scientists and engineers greet you on your arrival and direct your attention to the storage area adjacent to the facility.B_Pottery.tga25 <!-- Ildathach  -  Artistic Containers --> Hint for Freelance Mission 10RuinDamaged Probe"...Alonso Borno, Bar-zhon Ministry of Internal Security personal log. HQ has requested that their most accomplished diplomat and top inspector in the galaxy bring these plant things into line. The only problem is that every time I tell them why I'm right and they are wrong they start shooting. The logical next step is to talk to others about this conflict. The Thrynn have been no help but possibly the Spemin or the Nyssian might know something. Now if I could only find them. Borno over and out! THUNK!"B_ShantyTown.tgaThrynn Encounter:"Thrynn vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].”“Artistic containers” "something in exchange for these incredibly ancient artistic containers” "Hmm.  I confirm the age of the artifacts and their unusual structure.  The artistic design does not match up anything in our databases of known alien races.  I am willing to offer an amount of 16 cubic earth units of energy crystals.  Do you concur?"1. "Yes, I agree to 16 endurium.” --artifact18 = 0 (Artistic Containers)--endurium = endurium + 12--active_quest = active_quest + 1"Commencing exchange.  (Mission Completed)"2. "No.” "Very well."Spemin Encounter:“Pawn off Artistic Containers” "Spemin vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"something in exchange for these incredibly old artistic containers”"The objects out of the past have no value of themselves.  How can they be valuable if they don't do anything?  It is wise of you to consult us on this subject.  You may continue to do so in the future."Nyssian Encounter:“Pawn off Artistic Containers” "Nyssian vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"something in exchange for these incredibly old artistic containers”"Thieves!!  Grave robbers!!  This goes too far!!" -- attack the playerCoalition Encounter:“Pawn off Artistic Containers” "Coalition vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"something in exchange for these incredibly old artistic containers”"I can't really say that I would be interested in spending resources on worthless pottery."Bar-zhon Encounter:Are you interested in incredibly old artistic containers?” "Bar-zhon vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  We have acquired a collection of artifacts of inestimable value.  You will be astounded by these incredibly old and wondrous artistic containers”"something in exchange it” "Perhaps ... yes.  These appear to be of primitive Nyssian origin."1. "Nyssian? I would not accept less than 15 endurium.”--artifact18 = 0 (Artistic Containers)--player_money = player_money + 15000--active_quest = active_quest + 1"Confirmed.   (Mission Completed)"2. "I am willing to sell them for 12 endurium.”--artifact18 = 0 (Artistic Containers)--player_money = player_money + 12000--active_quest = active_quest + 1"Agreed.  This pottery is nearly identical to fragments we traced back to the Nyssian homeworld.  Good exchange.   (Mission Completed)"Elowan Encounter:“Are you interested in incredibly old artistic containers?” "Elowan Scout.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  We have acquired a collection of artifacts of inestimable value.  You will be astounded by these incredibly old and wondrous artistic containers”"something in exchange it” "No."“Are you sure?  These containers are incredibly beautiful.”"No. "“Can you not agree that these items interest you?”"No."Freelance Mission 10The player is directed to negotiate peace between the Bar-zhon and the ElowanElowan: Overview of the conflict, references a Nyssian ship in the systemBar-zhon: Overview of the conflictNyssian: Observed a Thrynn vessel launch a probe at the third planet which landed on the second planetThrynn: Deny knowledge of the conflict, deny ownership of the droneSpemin: 'drone supposed to be located at 37S X 25W'Minex: no option to askCoalition: Nothing useful, only taunts the Bar-zhonAfter the probe has been found by the player:Bar-zhon: Directs the player to take the drone to the ElowanElowan: Takes the shattered drone from the player and gives the player strange manuscriptsStarport: Gives the player 40,000 credits in exchange for the strange manuscripts"Diplomacy”"Resolve the conflict of the Bar-zhon and the Elowan over the planet Aircthech III.”"We have been asked to mediate between the Bar-zhon and the Elowan over the Aircthech system and more specifically the planet Aircthech III.  Both races have desires to terraform this near optimal planet but talks between them have broken down.  This is unusual because it seems unlikely that either race would want any conflict.  The Elowan are embroiled in their own bitter conflict with the Thrynn, and the Bar-zhon military is focused on the Coalition at the moment. Neither race has the motive to want additional conflict.”"We are receiving a strange distress call from Camall 144N X 51E in the Enu System 154,76.”Bar-zhon Encounter: Initial“Tell us about the Elowan Bar-zhon conflict”"about the Elowan Bar-zhon conflict”"This is a nonissue.  We staked the initial claim and were first in establishing a colony at Aircthech III.  The primitive Elowan established another colony after ours on the other side of the planet.  Now they are making nonsensical statements and threats."“What do they threaten you with?”"The Elowan accuse us of polluting the air with particulate matter.  Bar-zhon industrial technology is very advanced and does not generate visible pollution.  The primary output of our factories are noble gases and carbon dioxide, not any pollutant.  Our colony is well defended and if the Elowan decide to attack they will be annihilated."“Can't you negotiate with them?”"It is not possible.  The Elowan make no other demands other than their single irrational assertion.  Their ships are attempting to blockade our transports and a military conflict appears inevitable.  We have no objection if you wish to attempt to make them see reason."Bar-zhon Encounter: after probe“We located this Thrynn probe which delivered the dust.”"Good.  Take it to the Elowan and give it to them.  As long as the Elowan cease their harassment and protests, we are more than willing to peacefully cohabitate this planet."Elowan Encounter: mediate between the Elowan and the Bar-zhon”“Tell us about the Elowan Bar-zhon conflict” "Elowan Scout.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  We have heard of the recent conflict between yourselves and the ar-zhon.”"about the situation.”"'Tis a sorrowful tale of woe.  Perchance this apparent bastion uncovered in the blackness of space.  Tranquil dreams thus extended of vine and root."“You are saying that you established a colony?”"Indeed upon this world doth our young now abide.  Difficult but for many cycles now save from death's skythe to flee.  The prideful ones likewise doth have no such restriction."“Your young are rooted and immobile?  What else?”"Those thou call'st Bar-zhon were quiescent for an age.  E're long a blackening dust was spread through the skies, imperiling the songs of the young.  The Bar-zhon woud'st deny their action, yet no other industries may be found."“Could another source have caused the dust?”"No other source encroached on this system.  A Nyssian Scout mayhap traversed the system at one time, yet no action did they take in this demesne."Elowan Encounter: found probe-- Remove shattered drone, give player s trange manuscripts (to take to starport to end the quest)“We located this Thrynn probe which delivered the dust.”"The heinous Thrynn nurtured this profane seed?  Thou wouldst carry our thanks for thy heroic actions.  Conflict with the Bar-zhon is over.  We give you this minor token of thanks and certification of your accomplishment."Coalition Encounter:  Initial“Tell us about the Elowan Bar-zhon conflict”"about the Elowan Bar-zhon conflict”"That mess ehh?  Couldn't tell you much about it other than the obvious.  The imperialists are claiming another world not their own."“Tell us about the Elowan Bar-zhon conflict”"Nyssian Scout.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  We have heard of the recent conflict between the Elowan and the Bar-zhon.”"about the situation”"A most regrettable and unnecessary conflict.  An observation by one of our scouts leads me to think that the conflict might be instigated by the Thrynn."“Tell us about that report.”"One of our ships observed a Thrynn vessel approaching the Aircthech system a few months ago.  The Thrynn ship launched a probe of some sort from extreme range before fleeing back into hyperspace.  The curious captain decided to enter the system and follow the drone.  His scans showed no high energy sources nor biologicals on board the drone so no action was taken."“What happened to the probe?” "The probe entered the atmosphere of the third planet briefly but then skipped off and headed on a trajectory that would cause it to land on the second planet.  Detecting multiple ships in the system, the captain declined to pursue.  A representative told the Elowan this but they want evidence."Spemin Encounter: "Spemin vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”“Elowan Bar-zhon conflict.”"about the Elowan Bar-zhon conflict”"That is the conflict over the planet Aircthech III.  Us Spemin intercepted a transmission between Thrynn ships concerning something in the Aircthech system.  They were apparently unable to retrieve a drone that was supposed to be located at 37S X 25W.""anything else about the conflict” "Ahh... No..."Thrynn Encounter: before probe“Tell us about the Elowan Bar-zhon conflict”"Thrynn vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about the Elowan Bar-zhon conflict”"The Elowan are untrustworthy, deceitful, and that is all.  The Bar-zhon staked first claim to Aircthech III and the Elowan aggressively invaded and now are attempting to justify their aggression with fraudulent claims.  We have notified the Bar-zhon of our full tactical support if they decide on military action to resolve the conflict."“Do you know how the conflict started?”"No, we have only recently focused our interest on the situation."Thrynn Encounter: after probe"Thrynn vessel.  This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this drone that one of your ships launched”"Our databanks contained no reference to any drone of that type and it is far too primitive to be of Thrynn manufacture.  A guess would be that it is of Bar-zhon or pirate manufacture."ArtifactShattered DroneT_IPBM.tga120 <!-- Aircthech II 100,8 -->RuinThrynn Propulsion SystemRemains of an automated propulsion system of Thrynn origin. Only minor damage apparent and the guidance system apparently performed a flawless landing, since there are no signs of impact.  Power to both the primary and backup tachyon communication systems have failed.B_WeaponsPlacement.tga120 <!-- Aircthech II 100,8  -  Shattered Drone -->Freelance Mission 11"Chaos!”"One of our exploratory vessels brought back what appeared to a mild viral infection that has rapidly spread across all of Myrrdan and threatens to become a serious pandemic.  So far no human has died, but massive numbers across the entire planet have experienced irregular flu-like symptoms and periods of complete unconsciousness.  Your mission is to discover where this virus originated, which race is responsible for its spread, and any technology or artifact that may contribute to a search for a cure.  Intergalactic chatter has led us to believe that the Bar-zhon and Nyssian have useful information about this crisis.”"Incredibly old and unidentifiable rock samples were found in the Tafel debris, and we have identified nanomachines still active in the samples!”(Tafel cargo) Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 60E)- Second planet, Rocky- head of the mace in Bar-zhon territory- class G starClues for completion:-Coalition "The superb ground pounders.  Their headquarters at 58N X 96E of Anextiomarus/Boann - 115,184 was nigh impregnable, unfortunately none of their low level dueling abilities helped them in space.-Bx homeworld: (58N X 96E) Bx home world (Anextiomarus/Boann - 115,184)"...Psychic division report: Latest adaptation of scrambler disruptor still only operates within a 100m range. All attempts to boost effectiveness against Bar-zhon battle cruisers have proven ineffective due to extreme range dissipation problems. Suggest another expedition to [World of Monsters] (indecipherable) on the rocky second planet at 28S X 60E. Nyssian mystics confirm (indecipherable).  Contact with the Transmodra is the next suggested action..."-Nyssian "It is death, simultaneously destroying all without reservation.  The Tafel woke this blight shortly after they landed on a monstrous world, the second planet of a yellow star in the head of the Mace.  The Mace consolation is centered around 200, 105 by the way. "ArtifactTafel CargoT_Seeds.tga78 <!-- Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 60E) -->RuinResearch OutpostThis abandoned research station shows recent signs of construction.  Scientific equipment has been smashed and chewed?  Projectile-based weapon damage etches the walls and the ceiling.  The central computer is intact but all data has been wiped cleaned of data.B_Research.tga78 <!-- Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 60E) -->ArtifactWhirling DiskGolden_Device.tga78 <!-- Samildanach, Elcmar 190,98 (28S X 58E) -->Freelance Mission 12Investigate medical technology found in several ruins, three different planetary landing locations chained together. Data cube turns out to be a music database.Organic database must be taken to the Spemin or Nyssian to decode.Spemin respond to flattery.Remove organic core add decoded organic core when this is analyzed and take back to starport.  (Tandelou)"Medical Archaeology”"Investigate the ruins on Findtha (71N X 27E) in the Enna system (105, 112).”"One of our scout vessels discovered the remains of an alien colony ship in the nearby planet of Findtha (71N X 27E) in the Enna system (105, 112).  The alien race consisted of sentient plant creatures similar to the Elowan, but they did not survive on the planet's surface long enough to form a lasting civilization.  The scout vessel was unable to decode anything significant from the ruin and has turned the discovery over to us.  Your task is to investigate the ruins on the planets surface and identify what you find.  Run any artifacts you uncover past our alien allies for identification before bringing them back here.”"That organic core yielded a breakthrough of regenerative gel known as grow goo: a hybrid lifeform that connects and grafts tissue without rejection. Unfortunately it does nothing to impede the plague”-- Decoded Organic CoreRuinCrash Site... written on the base of an enormous ornamental statue: "Welcome fellow believer in simultaneous serendipitous stupefaction!  The Thdok-Bryg-Ahhh in its most auspicious manner has decreed our extended stay upon this inhospitable planetoid to test our faith.  Future generations will marvel at the fortuitous providence that guides us to divide our efforts for reconstruction between two sites, 11S X 87W and 91S X 130E  For the next 2 cycles, we must unerringly follow the sacrosanct celestial ceremony such that the various portents and divinations for full elaboration of our purpose here may be revealed in the fullness of time.  Yes. Well. Hmmm. Just so. Just so.B_ListeningPost.tga443 <!--  Findtha (71N X 27E) in the Enna system (105, 112). -->ArtifactUseless CurioT_EscapePod.tga443  <!--  Findtha (71N X 27E) in the Enna system (105, 112). -->RuinCrumbling RuinWithin an abandoned and poorly built complex:  "In a moment of divine inspiration we now see that it is inauspicious and in many respects unfavorable for us to attempt to maintain our presence at this location. We will, post haste, join with our esteemed acolytes and honored sycophants at 91S X 130E for the privilege of flawlessly performing the ceremonies of Thdok-Bryg-Ahhh."B_Mine.tga443 <!--  Findtha (11S X 87W) in the Enna system (105, 112). -->ArtifactExotic Data CubeT_AlienArtifact.tga443 <!--  Findtha (11S X 87W) in the Enna system (105, 112). -->Ruincrumbling ruinWithin a decrepit and crumbling building:  "Thdok-Bryg-Ahhh is the essence of truth and therefore contains the answers to all questions. Unfortunately only with the fullness of time has it been revealed that the vast ambient discordance of the universe is focused upon this location with excessive strength, necessiting our immediate relocation to join with our noble companions at 11S X 87W  Well. Hmmm. Yes."B_ShantyTown.tga443 <!--  Findtha (91S X 130E) in the Enna system (105, 112). -->ArtifactOrganic DatabaseT_Skins.tga443 <!--  Findtha (91S X 130E) in the Enna system (105, 112). -->ArtifactDecoded Organic DatabaseT_Furs.tgaArtifactDecoded Exotic Data CubeT_AlienArtifact.tga  Spemin Encounter: "Exotic Datacube”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this exotic datacube”"This data cube contains data readings of some long forgotten scientist.  Our highly perceptive senses detect the wave patterns of astronomical bodies, but without the context, these patterns of data could represent anything.  The data is worthless."Spemin Encounter: "Organic Database”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this organic database”"Ohh, a typogram!  I have not seen a puzzle box since my age as a blobling.  Modifications to the chromosomal integrity form stable and unstable shapes. The curvature of the shapes has a granularity far higher then stamped binary code and maintains a consistency of pattern even through growth of the lifeform."“Can you decode it?”"The patterns can easily be seen.  You cannot see the vitality differences?  How limiting must be those two eyes.  It is easily visible to those who can see the health of the lifeform.  Such knowledge must not be intended for limited creatures like yourselves."-- exchange organic database for decoded organic database"We would be immensely grateful if you could demonstrate your superiority.”"about this puzzle which completely baffels us.”"Such a task is academic.  Simply for your benefit we could condescend to perform for you a basic translation."Spemin Encounter: "Exotic Datacube”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this exotic datacube?”"This data cube contains data readings of some long forgotten scientist.  Our highly perceptive senses detect the wave patterns of astronomical bodies but without the context these patterns of data could represent anything.  The data is worthless."“What about this organic database?”"Ohh a typogram!  I have not seen a puzzle box since my age as a blobling.  Modifications to the chromosomal integrity form stable and unstable shapes. The curvature of the shapes has a granularity far higher then stamped binary code and maintains a consistency of pattern even through growth of the lifeform."“Can you decode it?”"The patterns can easily be seen.  You cannot see the vitality differences?  How limiting must be those two eyes.  It is easily visible to those who can see the health of the lifeform.  Such knowledge must not be intended for limited creatures like yourselves."-- exchange organic database for decoded organic database"Can you please help us decode it?”"We would be immensely grateful if you could demonstrate your superiority.”"about this puzzle which completely baffels us.”"Such a task is academic.  Simply for your benefit we could condescend to perform for you a basic translation."Nyssian Encounter:"Exotic Datacube”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this exotic datacube”"This so-called device is nothing but random noise. There is no correlation between our vast databases of language and any recognizable pattern here."Nyssian Encounter: "Organic Database”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this organic database”"This is exquisite. What a breathtaking construction of primitive genius!  Such simplistic yet marvelous ingenuity created such a wonder!  And both of these artifacts at the site of an extinguished expedition?"“Can you decode it?”"Decode it?  This is not a database of words and language. It is a genetic piece of art!  Sublime in it's majesty and message of hope.  Does a sunset speak in words?  Yes, but not in words that a computer might understand and translate.  There is no secret decodable message here!"Nyssian Encounter:  Exotic Datacube and organic database"Exotic Datacube”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this exotic datacube”"This so-called device is nothing but random noise. There is no correlation between our vast databases of language and any recognizable pattern here."“What about this organic database?”"This is exquisite. What a breathtaking construction of primitive genius!  Such simplistic yet marvelous ingenuity created such a wonder!  And both of these artifacts at the site of an extinguished expedition?"“Can you decode it?”"Decode it?  This is not a database of words and language. It is a genetic piece of art!  Sublime in it's majesty and message of hope.  Does a sunset speak in words?  Yes, but not in words that a computer might understand and translate.  There is no secret decodable message here!"Bar-zhon Encounter: Exotic Datacube"Exotic Datacube”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this exotic datacube”"Welcome allies. This device presents an interesting puzzle. One moment please...  Interpolation of repeated patterns indicates harmonic overtones. Our assessment is that this is a musical database. Very peculiar music and very dissident. No practical value."Bar-zhon Encounter: Organic Database"Organic Database”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this organic database”"The scans you have transmitted indicate that this is nothing more than a failed genetic experiment gone bad. Some forgotten geneticist stasis-storing their Frankensteinian failure. The translated markings stating data storage are obviously intended as some sort of joke in some peculiar form of alien humor."Bar-zhon Encounter: Exotic Datacube and organic database"Exotic Datacube”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this exotic datacube”"Welcome allies. This device presents an interesting puzzle. One moment please...  Interpolation of repeated patterns indicates harmonic overtones. Our assessment is that this is a musical database. Very peculiar music and very dissident. No practical value."“What about this organic database?”"The scans you have transmitted indicate that this is nothing more than a failed genetic experiment gone bad. Some forgotten geneticist stasis-storing their Frankensteinian failure. The translated markings stating data storage are obviously intended as some sort of joke in some peculiar form of alien humor."Elowan Encounter: Exotic Datacube"Exotic Datacube”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this exotic datacube found in an archaeological dig”"What thou call'est data 'ere perchance a precious gem.  A repository of music of the highest repertoire and the composers spiritually must be very much our kin.  'Tis the greatest shame of the loss of those who could produce such wonderful artistry, such breathtaking beauty."Elowan Encounter: Organic Database"Organic Database”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this organic database”"Such a device is of a foreign style unknown to our culture.   If even authentic, the encoding 'tis beyond our ability to translate.  Such prior assumptions of organic construction require familiarity with organic design, 'ere nothing more than indecipherable jargon will appear."Elowan Encounter: Exotic Datacube and organic database"Exotic Datacube”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this exotic datacube found in an archaeological dig”"What thou call'est data 'ere perchance a precious gem.  A repository of music of the highest repertoire and the composers spiritually must be very much our kin.  'Tis the greatest shame of the loss of those who could produce such wonderful artistry, such breathtaking beauty."“What about this organic database?”"Such a device is of a foreign style unknown to our culture.   If even authentic, the encoding 'tis beyond our ability to translate.  Such prior assumptions of organic construction require familiarity with organic design, 'ere nothing more than indecipherable jargon will appear."Freelance Mission 13Tracking mission, heading to Coalition space.Bar-zhon sensor data must be obtained firstCoalition must be bribed to reveal that the Laytonites traded large amounts of raw ore for engine upgrades, a second bribe reveals that the Coalition discreetly traced them to the fifth planet of the Oende system, 50 randomly placed ruins show bombardment from orbit, deflected bomb craters.  Science officer extrapolates roughly where the bombs were targeted. Wreckage of base and interceptor ships destroyed in atmospheric combat attempting to defend the base from Tafel attack."Terrorists”"Track down a group of terrorists headed towards Bar-zhon territory using the provided sensor data.”"A group of environmental fanatics have stolen a number of commercial freighter escort fighters.  Calling themselves the New Laytonites, their stated goal is to destroy all technology and dismantle society, justifying their stance on the discovery that the nano-virus does not affect non-technological species. They warn that once Myrrdan has a chance to modernize, the death toll of the plague will start within our civilization as well. Your job is to track them down and prevent them from establishing a base of operations offplanet that they can use to attack our people.  Your mission is to bring the sensor profiles of their ships to the nearby alien races and see if you can find any leads.  Intelligence has tracked them headed in the direction of Bar-zhon territory”"Good investigative work. It looks like this threat will not materialize at all.”-- Laytonite Base wreckage fragmentElowan Encounter:"Tracking the Laytonites”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are here as representatives of the Myrrdan government seeking a small fleet of rebel Myrrdan terrorists.”"any information that could help us find them”  "In sooth, we indeed none of us encountered either vessels of that description, emission signature, or number.  But alack, however unlikely 'ere such a group might risk transgression of a war zone amongst non-sympathetic aliens and still remain undetected, such an incursion remains theoretically possible.  We wish thee the best in thy pursuit for racial tranquility and will assist however possible in their neutralization."Bar-zhon Encounter:"Tracking the Laytonites”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are here as representatives of the Myrrdan government seeking a small fleet of rebel Myrrdan terrorists.”"any information that could help us find them”  "We have no direct contact with any group matching such a description.  Hmm.  Maybe this might be relevant, maybe not.""Relevant Information”"what information you think might be relevant” "In the last few days there was a report of a clash between a well disciplined pirate force using small short range fighters and a Bar-zhon transport escort upspin of our primary territory.  The transports escaped but the escort vessels were destroyed so only limited sensor data on these 'pirates' is available."-- give the player artifact254: Bar-zhon Pirate sensor data"Location?”"any information on their current location”  "We have no concrete data. However if they are your laytonite terrorists and judging from the implied vector from Myrrdan, they may have been attempting to contact the Coalition.  Transmitting our limited information to you now."Coalition Encounter: -- no Bar-zhon data"Tracking the Laytonites”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are here as representatives of the Myrrdan government seeking a small fleet of rebel Myrrdan terrorists.”"any information that could help us find them” "I don't know anything about these Laytonite friends of yours, but I do know where one particularly vulnerable, unsupported Myrrdan ship is located."-- attack the playerCoalition Encounter: -- Bar-zhon data"Tracking the Laytonites”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We know that a group of rebel Myrrdan terrorists is within your territory.”"about any contact your people have made with them”"I have absolutely no information about any such contact.  Why do you make such a statement?"1. "Evidence” "We have sensor data showing that these terrorists left Bar-zhon territory and entered yours.”"Ha!  The data you transmitted is quite garbled and worthless and inconclusive even if I cared.  Such a group was never seen by us."2. "Bribe” "Let me offer something for this information”"So something is valuable to you.  This does not necessarily make it valuable to us. Valuable information is somewhat ... difficult for us to retrieve sometimes."a. "5 endurium” "5 endurium for any information on their location.” "Such a paltry sum is not worth our attention."b. "10 endurium” "10 endurium for any information on their location.”-- remove 10 Endurium"Indeed one of our sister ships ran across your lost friends, the Laytonites.  They were short on fuel and were overtaxed and underequipped for their journey if you catch my meaning.  They received upgrades to their engines in exchange for truly a massive collection of raw ore."-- player does not have enough Endurium, attack the player"Don't attempt to fool us, you berk!  Count your bribe before you offer it next time!"c. "25 endurium” "25 endurium for any information on their location.”-- remove 25 Endurium"How generous!  Indeed one of our sister ships ran across your Laytonites.  They were short on fuel and were overtaxed and underequipped for their journey if you catch my meaning.  They received upgrades to their engines in exchange for truly a massive collection of raw ore."-- player does not have enough Endurium, attack the player"Don't attempt to fool us, you berk!  Count your bribe before you offer it next time!"3. "Agreement” "I Understood.  I'm hoping that we can come to some sort of agreement. Information about this group's whereabouts would be valuable to us.”--remove artifact254: Bar-zhon Pirate sensor data"Location?”"what about their current location”  "Don't be impatient!  They attempted to rob us after our transaction was completed, or I would not be even telling you this.  We destroyed a few of their interceptors but they fled and we discreetly traced them to the fifth planet of the Oende system. (134, 30)  There is no profit in revenge and even less profit in fighting our way through insane Tafel hordes.  Have fun tracking them down."Nyssian Encounter:"Tracking the Laytonites”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are here as representatives of the Myrrdan government seeking a small fleet of rebel Myrrdan terrorists.”"any information that could help us find them”  "None of the ship emission signatures or silloettes have been observed by any of our vessels. We will contact your government if they are spotted."Spemin Encounter: "Tracking the Laytonites”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are here as representatives of the Myrrdan government seeking a small fleet of rebel Myrrdan terrorists.”"any information that could help us find them”  "I do not have records of any ships with these emission signatures. Tertiary objectives initiated.""Tertiary Objectives?”"what tertiary objectives you have initiated” "What tertiary objectives?  Classified. Unlocked.  Uyo preservation initiated.  Failure: Uyo criteria failed.  Information reclassified.""Tertiary Objectives?”"why this information is classified”  "My patience on this subject has been exhausted crazy alien. Stop asking gibberish!"ArtifactBar-zhon Pirate sensor dataT_Computers.tgaRandomly Placed Ruins:Impact CraterThis explosive indentation appears to be from a simple unguided anti-starship missile. Impact ballistics indicate that the missile was deflected low in the atmosphere, missing whatever target it was originally aimed at.  The impact angle suggests that the deflection took place from somewhere over the south pole.B_Mine.tgaRuinMelted ruinThe base is a mass of molten metal frozen in place and solidified into a warped, multicolored amorphous form. In a nearby field the wreckage of a basic spaceport is visible. Scraps of metal, ceramics, and other fist size and smaller scraps litter the countryside. The identifiable scraps match the stolen interceptor fighters. Occasional alien ship fragments have similarities to Tafel design aesetics.B_Factory.tga98 <!--  Oende V (152S X 3) in the Oende system 134, 30 -->ArtifactLaytonite Base wreckage fragmentT_IPBM.tga98  <!--  Oende V (152S X 3) in the Oende system 134, 30 --> Hint for Freelance Mission 18RuinCamouflaged Data Reccorder"...The Thrynn have always proven to be reliable fences. Anything technological and unique they will pay quite well for and ask no questions.  Of course many others will pay very well for their battle suits..."B_ShantyTown.tga350 <!-- South Pole of Fogwyrd (#350) in the Delbaeth system(107,183) -->Freelance Mission 14Shield cracking. Trade 25cm radioactives to the Nyssian for a shield phase synchronizer.  Return to the inaccessible planet at Cermait 6 - 247, 218.  Failure yet again. Communications with the other alien races report failed attempts of using particle beams or bombs against the force field without success over the centuries."Bypass”"Trade 25cm radioactives to the Nyssian for a shield phase synchronizer, try to land at Cermait 6 - 247, 218”"Technological negotiations via hyperwave with a Nyssian traveler have gone unexpectedly well.  In exchange for 25 cubic meters of radioactives, they have promised to give us a new technological artifact that will allow any object to pass through a shield without obstruction. The device is much too large to mount on conventional weaponry and we have been warned that the device is based on technology that is extremely difficult or impossible to reverse engineer.  Before we tear it apart, you are ordered to install the device in your ship and attempt to pass through the shield surrounding the planet Cermait 6 - 247, 218.  Return the device back to Starport immediately afterwards, successful or not.”"This exotic device indeed penetrates every test shield we can generate on Myrrdan.  Cermait 6 will have to remain a mystery a bit longer.”-- Shield phase synchronizer 'The Krang'Nyssian Encounter: "Shield phase synchronizer”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have been told that you have a special artifact for us.”"for this unique device”"Excellent, most excellent! I have this Na'tash disrupter available for you today for only 25 radioactives or 120 endurium. What currency do you want to pay with?"1. "25 radioactives”-- artifact267 Na'tash generator"the device for 25 radioactives” "Indeed we are ready to receive your transport.""Good exchange.  May you be ever pleased with your purchase."-- terminate communications"Our sensors indicate you do not have sufficient quantity of radioactive available. Perhaps you may wish to utilize an alternative payment method?"2. "120 endurium”-- artifact267 Na'tash generator"the device for 120 endurium” "Indeed we are ready to receive your transport."--terminate communications"Good exchange.  May you be ever pleased with your purchase.""Our sensors indicate you do not have sufficient quantity of fuel available. Perhaps you may wish to utilize an alternative payment method?"3. "Barter” "We don't quite have that many resources available. What about in exchange for 60 endurium?”“No”4. "Request Further Details” "Could you describe exactly what the Na'tash generator does?” "The Na'tash generator creates a white noise jamming field that disrupts many long range devices."“Does it disrupt shields?”"No, that is another unique artifact I have available: The Krang. A wondrous Shield phase synchronizer capable of allowing a ship to pass through most force shields.  Same price."“Why did you offer us the Na'tash first?”"Because I have one.  So are you ready to purchase The Krang?"(jump to options below)Nyssian Encounter: player previously fooled into purchasing the Na'tash disrupter"Shield phase synchronizer”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  This Na'tash generator doesn't work. It fails to penetrate any of our test forcefields.”"why you deceived us”  "I never said it would penetrate force fields. The Na'tash generator creates a white noise jamming field that disrupts many long range devices.  It has many other uses.  You are seeking another device known as the the Krang.  It is available for the same price: 25 radioactives or 120 endurium. "1. "25 radioactives”-- artifact268 The Krang"the device for 25 radioactives” "Indeed we are ready to receive your transport.""Good exchange.  May you be ever pleased with your purchase.""Our sensors indicate you do not have sufficient quantity of radioactives available. Perhaps you may wish to utilize an alternative payment method?"2. "120 endurium”-- artifact268 The Krang"the device for 120 endurium” "Indeed we are ready to receive your transport.""Good exchange.  May you be ever pleased with your purchase.""Our sensors indicate you do not have sufficient quantity of fuel available. Perhaps you may wish to utilize an alternative payment method?"3. "Why the Na'tash?” "Why did you offer us the Na'tash first?”"Because I have one.  So are you ready to purchase The Krang?"4. "Does it work?” "Does this Krang device actually work to penetrate shields?” "Yes, I guarantee it will penetrate most shielding. It is a unique device that has changed hands throughout the ages but no modern science has yet to reverse engineer."ArtifactNa'tash generatorT_Electronics.tgaArtifactThe KrangGolden_Device.tgaFreelance Mission 15War stage overview:·Elowan alliance with Thrynn, some knowledge of the Uyo/ancients·Thrynn apologetic, seeking military alliance, gloating over Elowan·Spemin insane and schizophrenic, wild statements, telepathic·Bar-zhon strategizing, isolationist, bravado over their strength·Nissan wildly pessimistic and superstitious·Minex extremely sparse dialogue sometimes possible·Coalition apologetic and giddy over salvaged technology, helpfulConversation Mission: talk to all alien races to find the reason for the Minex fleet movements(shimmering pyramid artifact)Fir Bolg I 17,93 (54S X 143E)- Center belt of the tower- first planet, RockyCoalition "the location of the home world of the Sabion" "Gorias 3 - 5,16.  Their principal research station was located at their temperate northern pole of the planet."Sabion Gorias 3 - 5,16 - 158N X 0"...All mysteries of the Minex may soon be deciphered on their earlier forgotten home world of Fir Bolg I (17,93).  Most evidence has disintegrated from extreme age, but we believe they were at war with another race in the Dagda system.  Our current hostilities with the Bar-zhon preclude investigation but the Transmodra and Bx still plan to mount an expedition shortly to a site reported at 54S X 143E.""Threatening Actions” "Attempt to discover the reason for the Minex fleet movements.”"We have started to receive reports of enormous fleets moving from Minex space towards the direction of the Bar-zhon and the Thrynn.  If this is an invasion, keep in mind that the number of ships that Myrrdan has available is tiny next to the other races, and if we are discovered here it is doubtful that humanity would survive.  If this is war, attempt to find any way possible to stop the Minex before they turn their attention towards us.”"Thi Shimmering Pyramid is an advanced database written in the Minex language.  We are sending an envoy to the Minex with this artifact.”RuinExcavationThis area of ground appears to be artificially disturbed in some way.B_Mine.tga197 <!--  Fir Bolg I 17,93  -  Shimmering Holograms -->ArtifactShimmering HologramT_NavComputer.tga197  <!-- Fir Bolg I 17,93 (54S X 143E) -->  Freelance Mission 16A chain of wreck sites, an artifact or two taken to the Thrynn each time. Each time Thrynn disclose the next site.  Most sites useless, two sites contain artifacts that can be salvaged, inertial compensator technology and laser focusing technology. Lasers upgraded to level MAX+1 (removed, new reward 50 endurium)The first location is Glaistig (22N X 104W) in the Net system (55, 114)planet 234290-293 1 Twisted Ship Wreckage (Elowan) 4x294 Broken Shipwreck (Minex)295 Scattered Debris (unidentifiable)296-300 Melted Composite 5XThe next site is Magmor 1 (31S X 88E) (18,117)planet 208301-302 2 Fragmented Ship Debris (Minex)303-306 Scattered Debris (unidentifiable) 4x307 Melted Debris (Thrynn)308 Geometric CrystalsThe next site is Inghean (118S X 72E) in the Anu system (65, 110)planet 225309-311 3 Buried and twisted vessels (Minex)312 engine components.313 Gravity field generator.The next location is Kygwyn (85S X 139E) also in the Anu system (65, 110)planet 223314-320 Scattered Debris (Thrynn) 7x321 Melted Debris (Elowan)322 Twisted Debris (Elowan)323 Broken Wreck (Minex)324 Organic growthThe next site is Conn (33N X 145W) in the Lairgnen system (70, 142)planet 477325 Twisted Debris (Minex)326 Shattered Debris (Minex)327 Cone device.  Intact turrent  Laser amplifierThe next site is Jurlagh Duane III (18N X 12W) (16, 70)planet 464328 Scattered Debris (unidentifiable)329-334 Radioactive Exotic Elements 6XBonus: 50 endurium"Wreck salvaging”"Contact the Thrynn and investigate each wreck location”"A number of major battles have occurred between the Minex and the joint Elowan/Thrynn alliance. The Thrynn have contracted with us to investigate a number of wrecks that have crashed on several planets.  Almost certainly anything useful would be destroyed either from atmospheric burn up or impact but in the off chance that something useful may be found, the Thrynn have forwarded us a list of crash sites. Under the terms of our contract, any artifacts you locate should be taken to the Thrynn for analysis first and they have agreed to jointly share any resulting technology with us.”"Player should not see this, mission ended by the Thrynn”Thrynn Encounter: Wreck salvaging initial"Wreck salvaging”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this wreck salvaging task”"Welcome Myrrdan. You have proven your steel. We seek strong and confident allies for the difficult days ahead. Are you up to the challenge?"1. "Yes” "Yes, we are ready.”"The Thissaliss Corporation has been contracted for salvage and research in the aftermath of Alliance battles with the Minex."“Okay.  And?”"Our number of atmosphere capable vessels has been sharply reduced by recent unfortunate loses during hostilities. Myrrdan was recently allowed into our market and your government's bid for your services was ... competitive."a. "Bid?” "What was our bid?” goto=81060, "That is restricted, need too know only."“I need to know”"No you do not. Your superiors dictate what you are told. We will not supply you the claws for premature advancement."b. "Task” "What task do you have for us?”"Investigation of post re-entry debris from a number of smaller skirmishes. Tracer scouts have already investigated locations and verified surface debris from orbital scans."“Okay.  Send us the list of sites.”"Per your contract locations will be revealed one at a time. You will be required to bring holos and any artifacts to any Thrynn ship before the next site will be disclosed."“Ok, where do we go first?”"The first location is Glaistig (22N X 104W) in the Net system (55, 114)"(End Communication)c. "Terminate” "Something urgent has come up, we'll be back later” goto=81080,"Our patience is limited." (End Communication)2. "No” "No, not right now.” "Get lost weakling! (Mission Completed)"3. "Challenge?” "What challenge do you mean?”"Do not play foolish human. You were briefed before being dispatched."Thrynn Encounter:-- remove artifacts 296-300 Melted Composite"Wreck Salvaging 2”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  These melted composites are the only significant items we found. Transporting over samples plus a holo survey of the site.”"about them”"Disappointing but not unexpected.  The composites are simply sections of nonconductive fragments of Minex armor superheated and sheared off by laser.  Must have shadowed larger debris during reentry. The next site is Magmor 1. (31S X 88E) (18,117)"Thrynn Encounter:-- remove artifact308 Geometric Crystals"Wreck Salvaging 3”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  These geometric crystals are the only significant items we found. Transporting over samples plus a holo survey of the site.”"about them”"More useless inert material. The next site is Inghean (118S X 72E) in the Anu system. (65, 110)"Thrynn Encounter: -- remove artifact312-313 engine components and gravity field generator"Wreck Salvaging 4”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We located these two artifacts, Engine components and a gravity field generator.  Transporting over samples plus a holo survey of the site.”"about them”"This intact Minex inertia compensator is quite a find. Far more efficient than our designs. The next location is Kygwyn (85S X 139E) also in the Anu system. (65, 110)"Thrynn Encounter: -- remove artifact324 organic growth"Wreck Salvaging 5”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  The only interesting item we found at this site was this unusual organic growth”"about it”"This fungal growth has no significance. The next site is Conn (33N X 145W) in the Lairgnen system. (70, 142)"Thrynn Encounter: -- remove artifact327 Cone device"Wreck Salvaging 6”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  The only interesting item we found at this site was Conical device. Appears to have been attached to a laser turret.”"about it”"Very fortunate find. We have recovered a number of intact turrets before but these amplifiers are usually overloaded during the destruction of a Minex vessel.""How valuable is it?” "Since the Minex use gas lasers with massive power requirements these amplifiers are probably not much use to Myrrdan. The next site is Jurlagh Duane III. (18N X 12W) (16, 70)"Thrynn Encounter: -- remove artifacts329-334 Radioactive Exotic Elements, provide 50 endurium, end the mission"Wreck Salvaging 7”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  The only interesting items we found at this site are these exotic radioactive elements.”"about it”"You seem to have picked up the stock of supplies for a Minex reactor. Interesting but not terribly useful. That was the last location. You have discharged your contract adequately. You quality for the agreed upon bonus. (Quest Completed)"RuinTwisted Ship Wreckage (Elowan) B_WeaponsPlacement.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (22N X 114W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->RuinTwisted Ship Wreckage (Elowan)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (24N X 115W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->RuinTwisted Ship Wreckage (Elowan)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (19N X 115W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->RuinTwisted Ship Wreckage (Elowan)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (20N X 98W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->RuinBroken Shipwreck (Minex)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (21N X 106W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->RuinScattered Debris (unidentifiable)B_ShantyTown.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (32N X 105W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->ArtifactMelted CompositeGolden_Device.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (30N X 104W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->ArtifactMelted CompositeGolden_Device.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (28N X 107W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->ArtifactMelted CompositeGolden_Device.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (23N X 100W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->ArtifactMelted CompositeGolden_Device.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (27N X 91W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->ArtifactMelted CompositeGolden_Device.tga234 <!--  Glaistig (18N X 102W) in the Net system (55, 114)  -->RuinFragmented Ship Debris (Minex)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga208 <!--  Magmor 1  (31S X 88E) (18,117)  -->RuinFragmented Ship Debris (Minex)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga208 <!--  Magmor 1  (27S X 89E) (18,117)  -->RuinScattered Debris (unidentifiable)B_ShantyTown.tga208 <!--  Magmor 1  (29S X 93E) (18,117)  -->RuinScattered Debris (unidentifiable)B_ShantyTown.tga208 <!--  Magmor 1  (26S X 95E) (18,117)  -->RuinScattered Debris (unidentifiable)B_ShantyTown.tga208 <!--  Magmor 1  (22S X 87E) (18,117)  -->RuinScattered Debris (unidentifiable)B_ShantyTown.tga208 <!--  Magmor 1  (20S X 85E) (18,117)  -->RuinMelted Debris (Thrynn)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga208 <!--  Magmor 1  (32S X 94E) (18,117)  -->ArtifactGeometric CrystalsCrystal_Sphere.tga208 <!--  Magmor 1  (34S X 91E) (18,117)  -->RuinBuried and twisted vessels (Minex)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga225 <!--  Inghean (118S X 72E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinBuried and twisted vessels (Minex)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga225 <!--  Inghean (123S X 71E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinBuried and twisted vessels (Minex)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga225 <!--  Inghean (117S X 74E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->ArtifactEngine ComponentsT_Reactor.tga225 <!--  Inghean (118S X 75E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->ArtifactGravity Field GeneratorT_Robots.tga225 <!--  Inghean (122S X 70E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinScattered Debris (Thrynn)B_ShantyTown.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (85S X 139E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinScattered Debris (Thrynn)B_ShantyTown.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (87S X 139E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinScattered Debris (Thrynn)B_ShantyTown.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (81S X 133E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinScattered Debris (Thrynn)B_ShantyTown.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (77S X 142E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinScattered Debris (Thrynn)B_ShantyTown.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (79S X 139E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinScattered Debris (Thrynn)B_ShantyTown.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (92S X 140E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinScattered Debris (Thrynn)B_ShantyTown.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (85S X 126E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinMelted Debris (Elowan)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (86S X 133E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinTwisted Debris (Elowan)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (84S X 134E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinBroken Wreck (Minex)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (89S X 144E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->ArtifactOrganic GrowthT_Skins.tga223 <!--  Kygwyn (90S X 145E) in the Anu system (65, 110)  -->RuinTwisted Debris (Minex)B_WeaponsPlacement.tga477 <!--  Conn (33N X 145W) in the Lairgnen system (70, 142)  -->RuinShattered Debris (Minex)B_ShantyTown.tga477 <!--  Conn (31N X 144W) in the Lairgnen system (70, 142)  -->ArtifactCone deviceT_Drill_Good.tga477 <!--  Conn (30N X 143W) in the Lairgnen system (70, 142)  -->RuinShattered Debris (unidentifiable)B_ShantyTown.tga464 <!--  Jurlagh Duane III (18N X 12W) (16, 70)  -->ArtifactRadioactive Exotic ElementsT_Ship.tga464 <!--  Jurlagh Duane III (16N X 10W) (16, 70)  -->ArtifactRadioactive Exotic ElementsT_Ship.tga464 <!--  Jurlagh Duane III (20N X 14W) (16, 70)  -->ArtifactRadioactive Exotic ElementsT_Ship.tga464 <!--  Jurlagh Duane III (18N X 10W) (16, 70)  -->ArtifactRadioactive Exotic ElementsT_Ship.tga464 <!--  Jurlagh Duane III (20N X 8W) (16, 70)  -->ArtifactRadioactive Exotic ElementsT_Ship.tga464 <!--  Jurlagh Duane III (20N X 10W) (16, 70)  -->ArtifactRadioactive Exotic ElementsT_Ship.tga464 <!--  Jurlagh Duane III (16N X 8W) (16, 70)  -->Freelance Mission 17Multiple messages concerning excursions into Minex territory. Take results to the Bar-zhon.  8 artifacts.  All curios with no military significance.  One of the artifacts appears to an organic component of a spaceship.  The Bar-zhon refer to the player to the Nyssian for analysis.  The Nyssian reveal that the artifact is a Gazurtoid ship fragment. Shields if less then class MAX+1 are then sent to class MAX+1.To learn the locations of each of these worlds, the player must ask the coalition.347 Glittering utensil348 Opaque sphere349 Blue obelisk350 Transparent Cubes351 Jeweled box352 Armored organic monstrosity362 Bar-zhon Analyzed Organic MonstrosityTransmodra (Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139)-1 15N X 52E-2 *artifact348 Opaque sphere, 3S X 142W3 artifact349 Blue obelisk, 72N X 76W4 artifact350 Transparent Cubes, 153N X 151EBx (Anextiomarus/Boann - 115,184)1 *First location given, 74S X 28E2 artifact347 Glittering utensil, 50N X 19W3 43S X 113W4 129N X 85ESabion (Gorias 3 - 5,16) (79S X 139E)artifact351 Jeweled boxartifact352 Armored organic monstrosity"Scavenger Hunt”"Investigate outposts of the 3 imperialists to discover any intelligence concerning the Minex.”"In recent weeks relations with the Bar-zhon have become quite friendly and they have decided to outsource to us a forensic examination of the ruins of the Bx, Transmodra and Sabion, the races now known to us as the Coalition.  These three races spent a great deal of time studying and provoking the Minex in their day and they may have discovered something to assist us in our current confrontation.  Any artifacts you locate should be taken to the Bar-zhon for analysis.  We have jointly agreed to share any resulting technology that we find.  Contact them for further details”"This is a major find!  Good work.”-- Bar-zhon Analyzed Organic MonstrosityBar-zhon Encounter: Introduction"Scavenger Hunt”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  I understand that you have some sort of archaeological task for us.”"about it”"During the great war the 3 imperialists expended an inordinate amount of resources on technological archeology and espionage. Much of this was focused upon the Minex with fortunately little benefit to their war effort at the time."1.. "Why now?” "Why is there interest in their research now after all these centuries?”"Outside their planetary network, a few Sabion research labs with independent databases coordinated with the military structures of all three races to obtain technology from archaeology, espionage, and piracy.  Extinct races and the Minex were primary targets of their focus.  Possibly some insight or technology captured from the Minex could help us out today."2. "End of the great war” "Why did your people not pursue this at the end of the war?”"The military structure was deeply underground and the secrecy of their location was never broken until well after the war.  Estimates of the cost in lives required to capture, pacify, and hold three entire planets was incredibly high.  Military survivors doubtlessly would have destroyed the underground bases rather than let them be taken. The decision was made to evacuate the civilians and irradiate the surface, with many repeated warnings and offers of rescue."3. "Why us?” "How are we expected to do any better?”"Myrrdan humans and Myrrdan technology should not trigger any automated booby traps or defenses still surviving.  We have the location of one of the headquarters of the Bx, and we hope that logistics and secure records at the site will lead you to the locations of all of the other underground military bases of all of the three races. Any artifacts being studied will be on site."4. "Refuse” "We don't want to pursue this task, ask someone else.”"Very well.  We will pursue this matter on our own.   (Mission Completed)"(End Communication)5. "Accept” "Where do we start searching?” goto=86050"The secret underground bunker of the Bx Emperor was revealed to us to be at 74S X 28E on the Bx home world of Anextiomarus in the Boann system (115,184)  High radiation levels made it inconvenient to return to the site until recently." (End Communication)Bar-zhon Encounter: Scavenger Hunt - Items"Scavenger Hunt”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  We have an artifact hologram to transmit for analysis”"about it”"We await your transport."-- remove one artifact (347-352) and jump to corresponding question 200 first five, 300 artifact352“Transporting now”"One moment Myrrdan vessel."“<More>“"We've received nothing. Please retransmit."1. "Additional Artifacts” "We obtained additional artifacts, transporting holographic details of another artifact now”2. "<Exit>““<Analysis>“"Analysis of this artifact has revealed very little of interest. It has a slight value as an alien curio, but otherwise is totally useless to us."“<Analysis>“"This formation is a single genetically engineered flora lifeform thousands of years old.  Encapsulated airtight pockets of high pressure gases and bacteria provide the lifeform the basis of a low level of photosynthesis even in an airless environment. The outer layers form some type of organic crystal structure harder then most metals."“<More>“"A fungal growth imbedded within the lifeform naturally exhibits superconductive properties. Small spherical devices within the lifeform emit a curious inertia nullification field, reducing the effective mass of all objects inside the field."-- remove artifact352, provide artifact362 Bar-zhon Analyzed Organic Monstrosity“<More>“"Inertia nullification has our scientists excitedly theorizing about missile defense. Reduce the kinetic inertia of an object nearly to zero, and any oscillating force exerted upon it can rip it apart or divert it's trajectory. Your engineers should be able to use this information to improve your shielding technology immediately."“<More>“"We would recommend that you take this analyzed organic monstrosity data to the Nyssian and see if they can shed any light on what it is."Nyssian Encounter: Scavenger Hunt - 362 Bar-zhon Analyzed Organic Monstrosity-- remove and replace artifact362 Bar-zhon Analyzed Organic Monstrosity"Scavenger Hunt”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].”"about this Organic Monstrosity we found at an archeological site.”"You did not find this at an archaeological site, this is a ship fragment of an Gazurtoid colony vessel shot down a thousand years ago by the Sabion and kept at a secret underground lab.  For decades this was their secret doomsday project.  If they were successful in deciphering its technology, they could have grown an invulnerable organic ship with complete immunity to all projectile weaponry."“<More>“"Fortunately the Gazurtoid are very unorthodox and creative thinkers that few can ever hope to understand.  They suffer a high level of insanity and counterbalance their tendencies with rigid laws and a rigid belief system in order to give their civilization a modicum of stability.  I tell you this knowing that Myrrdan engineers are still going to try to waste their time deciphering the secrets of this artifact.  I wish them luck nevertheless."ArtifactGlittering UtensilT_Weapons_Laser.tga352 <!--  (51N X 18W) Bx home world (Anextiomarus/Boann - 115,184))  -->ArtifactOpaque SphereCrystal_Sphere.tga301 <!--  (2S X 143W) Transmodra home world (Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139)  -->ArtifactBlue ObeliskT_Wizards.tga301 <!--  (73N X 75W) Transmodra home world (Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139)  -->ArtifactTransparent CubesT_Liquid.tga301 <!--  (152N X 150E) Transmodra home world (Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139)  -->ArtifactCrystal BarT_Instruments.tga141 <!--  (80S X 140E) Sabion home world (Gorias 3 - 5,16)  -->ArtifactArmored Organic MonstrosityT_Furs.tga141 <!--  (78S X 138E) Sabion home world (Gorias 3 - 5,16)  -->RuinCrumbling RuinNewsreel: The Bar-zhon infringe on our territory with impunity, raid our transports and steal our resources. Their sense of superiority is badly misplaced.  They choose to ignore the process of diplomacy at their own peril...  Database References: 3S X 142W, 72N X 76W, 153N X 151EB_Factory.tga301 <!--  (15N X 52E) Transmodra home world (Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139)  -->RuinCrumbling RuinMemo: Bunker analysts show that the Bar-zhon have only a very fragile industrial base and can not sustain military losses.  What we need is a short victorious war to turn public opinion back to our side. Contingency planning is shipping 300 tons of bio weapons to be deployed to our sleeper cells...  Database References:  'Alpha Site 15N X 52E' 'Beta Site 129N X 85E'B_Factory.tga301 <!--  (3S X 142W) Transmodra home world (Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139)  -->RuinCrumbling RuinMemo: Robotic drones should easily negate the Bar-zhon's edge in metabolism and reaction time.   Our sheer numbers should easily negate the Bar-zhon technical superiority...  Database References: 153N X 151E, Sabion Stockpiles: 79S X 139EB_Factory.tga301 <!--  (72N X 76W) Transmodra home world (Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139)  -->RuinCrumbling RuinNewspaper:  Continued bombing is effectively clearing out the surviving resistance cells. Surface temperatures are now 249 C and rising. Only being this far underground has kept us alive this long. The Bar-zhon are still ignoring transmissions calling for a cease-fire.  Bx evacuation bunkers: 50N X 19W, 43S X 113W, 129N X 85EB_Factory.tga301 <!--  (153N X 151E) Transmodra home world (Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139)  -->RuinCrumbling RuinNewspaper: The Champion Brawlers defeated the Devastators today four to one. The emperor personally congratulated the team and gave them this year's title...  Note: The highly degraded database refers to many different geographic locations.  We will try to translate significant references into Myrrdan coordinates.  Database References: 43S X 113W, 129N X 85EB_Factory.tga352 <!--  (74S X 28E) Bx home world (Anextiomarus/Boann - 115,184))  -->RuinCrumbling RuinSign:  Interceptor force needs you!  Smash some Bar-zhon skull!  Breaching pod recruits make a difference!  Down with the elitist oppressors. Never forget and never tolerate!  Transmodra Trainees: 3S X 142WB_Factory.tga352 <!--  (50N X 19W) Bx home world (Anextiomarus/Boann - 115,184))  -->RuinCrumbling RuinTransmodra shield repulsors trapped and destroyed another Bar-zhon taskforce attempting to land, but the blockade is still effectively maintaining our isolation. Attrition and lack of irreplaceable parts have put out of commission another three wave-force defensive turrets today...  Database References: 74S X 28E, 129N X 85EB_Factory.tga352 <!--  (43S X 113W) Bx home world (Anextiomarus/Boann - 115,184))  -->RuinCrumbling RuinSign:  'Don't let the weaklings win!  Do your part!'  Recruitment Centers: 50N X 19W, 43S X 113WB_Factory.tga352 <!--  (123N X 85E) Bx home world (Anextiomarus/Boann - 115,184))  -->RuinCrumbling RuinData Fragment:  ...Minex have all the best exotic advanced devices.  Minex watch group Delta-63 observed...B_Factory.tga141 <!--  (79S X 139E) Sabion home world (Gorias 3 - 5,16)  -->ArtifactBar-zhon Analyzed Organic MonstrosityT_Furs.tgaFreelance Mission 18The Spemin have a shimmering ball, but they are unable to reverse engineer or even figure it out.  They want 100 fuel or a Minex salvage piece.  An option exists "nothing from Spemin is of value, forget this mission!” Not functional. Thrynn give 50 Quorsitanium if the item is taken to them. Starport gives the player nothing."The Shimmering Ball”"Contact the Spemin and obtain from them their shimmering ball artifact”"The Spemin have reported a major technological find, a prototype cloaking device that operates during combat giving a single ship an enormous tactical advantage.  Your job is to contact the Spemin and find out what they would take in exchange for the device before they decide to offer it to another race.”"This artifact is nonfunctional and most likely a counterfeit. Better luck next time.”Spemin Encounter: "The Shimmering Ball”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We understand that you have a Shimmering Ball artifact.”"the device” "We found the device you wanted, I mean you requested, I mean the Thrynn wanted.  It is very valuable and I would never consider parting with it.  Of course a lifetime supply of fuel would be more valuable.  Did I also say that a sample of Minex technology would also be just as valuable?"1. "100 Endurium” "Our scans show that your total cargo capacity is 100 cm.  I have 100 cm of Endurium I will give you in exchange for it.”-- Check for 100 Endurium, if that much is on board, it is transported over, if not, other statement"You have that much fuel on board?  Transport it over first and this valuable item will be yours!"-- Gives the player the shimmering ball and then terminates communications“And the shimmering ball?”"Yes of course.  Almost forgot about that old thing.  I enjoyed chatting with you.  Drop by again sometime.  Got to run!""We knew that no one could ever possibly have that much fuel.  Feel free to come back later when you have something else to give us in order to express your appreciation.""Minex Salvage”“Transporting now”"No silver gadgets please.  The Nyssian already sold us quite a number of those."-- if no Minex equivalent available, silver gadgets do not qualify"You only have Minex silver gadgets too?  Feel free to come back later when you have something better."-- Check for 275 Powercore or 22 Electronics"Tri'na'li'da tertiary objective obtained...  Uhh...  Wow, thanks!  I enjoyed chatting with you.  Drop by again sometime.  Got to run!"3. "Nothing of Spemin is of value” "There is nothing that you have that is of any value.  This mission is useless!”-- refuse, end the mission"Uhh, Okay.  (Mission Completed)"4. "Threaten” "If you do not wish for some laser burns on your ship's hull, I suggest you turn over that Shimmering Ball artifact to us immediately!”"PLEEEAAAASE DON’T HURT US, OH GREATEST OF SPECIES. PLEEEAAAAASE!  Think of our wives and little blobbies back home.  I was just exaggerating when I said that I had a shimmering ball.  I really had a shivering null!  Vaporized!  Vaporized that bad null now is!  No need to bother with us anymore!  (Mission Completed)"Thrynn Encounter: "The Shimmering Ball”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  The Spemin mentioned that you were interested in this Shimmering Ball artifact?”"the device”"Do not attempt to deceive us.  If this cloaking device was operational you would never part with it."“All right, I admit it's broken”"Know that for millennia we have searched for this prototype. In mass production it could have saved the human empire.  All we knew is that it was stolen by the Gazurtoid who could not reverse engineer it.  Just in case this fraud is a broken version of the genuine article, I offer you 50 Quorsitanium in exchange for it."1. "Yes” "I accept your offer.  Transporting now.”-- artifact363 = 0 (Shimmering Ball)Give player 50 Quorsitanium, end mission"Commencing exchange."2. "No thanks”"Very well. "ArtifactShimmering BallCrystal_Sphere.tgaFreelance Mission 19Ancients stage overview:·Elowan rebuilding, much lore of the ancients, very friendly·Thrynn completely hostile, claims player is Uyo·Spemin completely controlled by robotic Tri'na'li'da·Bar-zhon distressed and broken·Nissan very helpful and positive, knowledgeable about other races·Minex concise yet very open and friendly·Coalition giddy over salvaged technology, helpfulConversation Mission: talk to all alien races to find hints about how to contact the ancients(Ancient Database Plates)Lir IV 175, 181 (37N X 8W)- outward of The Wee Dipper- class M starClues to completion:-Minex "We have scouted and controlled this particular region of space for tens of thousands of years.  This technology is far outside both of our sciences, not merely beyond it.  Investigate and search for its source.  Start at Lir IV.""what is located at Lir IV?""We know this area of space.  The planetary system of that M-class star repels us psychically.  The In'tral'ess may be there. The nomadic wanderers within that territory may know more. Ask them."-Nyssian "The other clue is this: Interpolating patterns of ancient ruins show a particular focus and symmetry around the planetary coordinates of 47N X 45E and 37N X 8W.  Significant finds on many ancient worlds are often found at these coordinates.  I am not equipped for planetary expeditions. You will have to investigate yourself.""Quest for the Ancients”"Discover how to contact the ancients.”"The Minex have suddenly withdrawn and issued a communiqué to Myrrdan concerning the Shimmering Pyramid we gave them.  In short, they state that they have able to recover a significant amount of their history from the device and believe that only the Ancients can stop the propagation of the nanomachines creating this plague, since they once cured the Minex of a similar sickness in the past.  Your primary mission is to contact the Minex to confirm their change of disposition. Your secondary mission is to start a new search and contact all of the other alien races to hopefully discover any artifact or technology capable of contacting the Ancients.”ArtifactAncient Database PlatesT_Books.tga391 <!--  Lir IV 175, 181 (37N X 8W) -->RuinAncient RuinThis ancient symmetrical structure defies categorization.  Deep in a cave formation under the city itself a block formation made entirely of etched endurium has been found. Xenoarchaeologists have theorized that this device may be some data storage unit or ancient database organized by thick stacks of bound plates.B_Tomb.tga391 <!-- Lir IV  Lir IV 175, 181 (37N X 8W) Ancient Database Plates -->Freelance Mission 20Search ruined worlds of the Bx/Transmodra/Sabion. The player is given a list of sites.  Commentary about the ancients includes: Ancient settlements show absolute individuality. No defensive system. Uniformity of distance between settlements but randomized vectors. Uniform settlements at any altitude as if planetary weather and temperature was irrelevant. Majority of all settlements found at class m stars. No unstable planets tectonically were ever inhabited. Long lifespan and extreme individualism assumed. Recordkeeping beyond comprehension or telepathic because of a complete lack of any trace of communication or writing or data storage systems. All messages signed by "The Society of Ancient Studies"Transmodra home world (Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139)Sabion home world (Gorias 3 - 5,16)"Another Ruined Search”"Investigate a number of archaeological sites - on the Sabion home world: 47N X 74W, 83S X 18W, 30N X 38E, and on the Transmodra home world: 74N X 41E and 29S X 7E.“"A database of Sabion origin has been handed to us by the Bar-zhon.  No details of any interest were found in the database other than a collection of coordinates of academic research sites dedicated to study the ancients.  As before, the Bar-zhon have uncovered this list from their historic archives but do not have the time or manpower to investigate the ruins themselves and have outsourced the task to us in exchange for a share in any of the discoveries we make.  The locations are: the Sabion home world: 47N X 74W, 83S X 18W, 30N X 38E, and on the Transmodra home world: 74N X 41E and 29S X 7E.”"It is a shame that we cannot consult with this Society of Ancient Studies directly.” -- Society of Ancient Studies SealBar-zhon Encounter:"Another Ruined Search”"Greetings. This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  Your government sent us a list of research sites on the worlds of the 3 Imperialists which were studying the ancients.”"about the Society of Ancient Studies”"We have no interest chasing fairy tales. If someone in the government sent you that list and you can use it, so much better for you."Coalition Encounter:-- give the player artifact375 Society of Ancient Studies Seal"Another Ruined Search”"Greetings. This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We have been searching out research sites on the worlds of the 3 Imperialists which were studying the Ancients.”"about the Society of Ancient Studies”"Idealists do not survive long in slave labor camps. The last remnants of the society disappeared centuries ago.  They did carry around these trinkets, but nothing else about them survived."“What is this engraving?”"what the engraving 'In search of the Crystal Pearl' means” "Hey, your guess is as good as mine   Run it by your eggheads at home if you really care."RuinData Archive"When viewed from the air, Ancient sites are roughtly equidistant from each other, but no symmetry can be perceived in their placement. Ruins are scattered evenly at every altitude as if planetary weather and temperature was irrelevant." - The Society of Ancient StudiesB_Tomb.tga 301  <!-- 74N X 41E on Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139 -->RuinData Archive"Majority of all settlements are found at class M stars. No tectonically unstable planets were ever inhabited.  Long lifespan and extreme individualism assumed." - The Society of Ancient StudiesB_Tomb.tga 301  <!-- 29S X 7E on Dian Cecht 4 - 35,139 -->RuinData Archive"Ancient settlements show absolute individuality.  Very similar materials used in each structure to create breathtaking rich tapestries of crystal unique in style and architecture from one dome to the next." - The Society of Ancient StudiesB_Tomb.tga 141  <!-- 47N X 74W Sabion home world (Gorias 3 - 5,16) -->RuinData Archive"No defensive systems or offensive weaponry has ever been found or recorded.  No atavistic traces of any warlike tendencies in any definable form." - The Society of Ancient StudiesB_Tomb.tga 141  <!-- 83S X 18W Sabion home world (Gorias 3 - 5,16) -->RuinData Archive"Recordkeeping must be beyond comprehension or telepathically based because of a complete lack of any trace of communication or writing or data storage systems. Who knows what a telepathic data storage device might even look like?" - The Society of Ancient Studies  (Xenologist note: The Bar-zhon or Coalition may have additional information about the Society. Recommend we contact them.)B_Tomb.tga 141  <!-- 30N X 38E Sabion home world (Gorias 3 - 5,16) -->ArtifactSociety of Ancient Studies SealT_Weapons_Metal.tgaFreelance Mission 21Data from survey in mission number 11 has been thoroughly analyzed by the Minex. They have located a city of the ancients and the player returns with a Crystal Sphere (endgame)Crystal_Sphere - Mathgen IV 212,3 (15N X 6E)Outer planet-Spemin "Imperative to neutralize In'tral'ess at Bec-Felmas 3 - 16,183 and Mathgen 4 - 212,3.  Phlegmak devices recommended."-Elowan "We had ascertained that a city of the ancients existed in our home sector, within a system inside the rim of starforming nebulae, almost exactly 100 parsecs upspin from the war-torn Veloxi homeworld.  Landing coordinates in empire terminology were 15N X 6E.  How thou couldst make use of this knowledge is not known since that realm is nay inaccessible.""City of the Ancients”"Locate a City of the Ancients and return with a Crystal Sphere.”"The Minex have decoded the Ancient Database Plates. The pertinent data is the discovery of 'focal points' in ancient society.  The Minex describe these focal points as vast assemblies of ruins filled with endurium, often containing samples of advanced technology.  A high-energy device such as a pearl-sized crystal sphere could boost their telepathic abilities to the level where it would be possible for them to contact the ancients directly.  Your mission is to locate a city of the ancients in the hope that a crystal sphere may be recovered.”ArtifactCrystal SphereCrystal_Sphere.tga486 <!-- Mathgen IV 212,3 (15N X 6E) -->RuinAncient RuinThis ancient symmetrical structure defies categorization.  This ancient structure is several times more massive than similar structures.B_Tomb.tga486 <!--Mathgen IV 212,3  (4S X 15E) -  Crystal Sphere -->  Xenon-Borno Encounters (all professions)Background bio on Xenon:Captain Xenon appears to be a flamboyant human smuggler and thief with a thinly promoted appearance of respectability.  In reality “Xenon” is a brilliant con artist who creates false personalities to infiltrate institutions and corporations in order to obtain technology and supplies for his small fleet of ships and followers.He is actually the pirate Harrison who after he saw the defeat of the old empire by hostile aliens decided to travel “into the future” to a friendlier time by taking his fleet into deep space, accelerating to near light speed in normal space without entering hyperspace, and watching the years pass by as supplies dwindled dangerously low.  Watching Arth develop, he and his followers infiltrated every level of Interstel, first helping the corporation decipher and understand Empire technology and then ransacking every level of the company’s operations.  (shortly after the events of SF2)His now well-stocked followers have tracked down Noah 3 “The Lost Colony” and are ready to cause havoc under the banner of Myrrdan’s flag.  His ships are crewed with highly experienced veterans who are evenly divided between ransacking Myrrdan or retiring on Myrrdan and rejoining society.Background bio on Borno:Alonso Borno, Bar-zhon Ministry of Internal Security is an “Inspector Clouseau” type character assigned the task of bringing the human captain Xenon to justice despite having no experience in space exploration or alien diplomacy.  Logs of his completely silly conclusions in his extended chase to track down Capt. Xenon are found nearby the latest evidence of Xenon’s activities, yet somehow he never quite loses the trail.Text of planetary ruins:(most of these would be left either adjacent to normal game quest locations or would include simplistic puzzles within the text to lead you off the beaten path to discover the next one.)Borno EncounterAt the end of mission 10, the player is given this hint:“We are receiving a strange distress call from Camall 144N X 51E in the Enu System 154,76.”RuinSignal BeaconScrawled on the surface of this escape pod beacon are the words: "Borno, good try but you will have to do better than this. - X"B_Research.tga188 <!-- Camall 140N X 51E in the Enu System 154,76.-->ArtifactAncient artifact with hidden tracking deviceT_AlienArtifact.tga188 <!-- Camall 141N X 52E in the Enu System 154,76.--> Keeping this artifact on board leads to a special encounter the next time a Bar-zhon ship is encountered:"Special Encounter with inspector Borno""Greetings”"This is Captain [CAPTAIN] of the starship [SHIPNAME].  We are ...”"what type of huge dreadnought is that?  I have never seen a ship so large” "Pretty expensive disguise, Xenon. You think I can't see thru that cheap theatrical effect?""Deny”“This is Captain [CAPTAIN], not some pirate.  I am a fully authorized representative of Myrrdan “"An unlikely story.  Be aware Xenon that I am fully aware of your holographic ship disguises!  You will not fool me again!"1. "Assert” "This is a Myrrdan starship. We have nothing to do with this Xenon character you seek.” "Don't try trickery Xenon.  Myrrdan ships are human.  You and your pirates are human. Obviously there is a link, isn't there?"2. "Threaten” "You do not worry us.  Myrrdan vessels know how to deal with those who make crazy assertions!”-- make the entire Bar-zhon race hostile to the player"This is Alonso Borno, Bar-zhon Ministry of Internal Security, to all supporting craft. I order you in all haste to immediately and without delay open fire upon this dastardly pirate vessel. If for some reason you are unable to open fire, you are ordered to close range with this dastardly pirate at top speed..."(End Communications)3. "Tracking Device?” "How did you find us?”"You admire my ingenuity Xenon, don't you?  It so happened that I planted that ancient artifact in Myrrdan territory next to a signaling device. I knew that you could not resist."-- remove artifact390 - tracking device“Why couldn't a Myrrdan ship run across the artifact first?”"Perhaps, but perhaps not. We both know that you are far too clever to let someone else beat you to a lucrative goal."“We found a message for you from Xenon”"I cannot be reasoned ... umm ... tricked by such a message. Perhaps you simply think fast on your feet and created such a message on the fly just now. Can any other ship besides yourself verify the existence of such a message?  And even if it actually does exist couldn't you still be the one who left the message?  This does not prove that you are not Xenon!"4. "Prove” "This is ridiculous. My ship is real. Transport a crew member over to my ship and they will testify to it.” "Xenon, do you think I am stupid enough to fall for the old, 'Transport a nonessential crew member wearing a red shirt over to us so we can hold a gun to his head and make him say anything we want him to say' trick? -- Transport one of your crew over here first. -- Make that a non-human crew member since Xenon and his crew are all human."“Myrrdan crew are all human”"Ohh, I forgot about that."-- remove artifact390 - tracking device“Just launch an automated probe”"Clever, most clever. You think to trick me into believing...Hmm...Actually my probe reports that your ship is solid and not a holographic projection. Sorry about that Capt. [CAPTAIN].  We inspectors can't be too careful.  You picked up a tracking device that Xenon was supposed to have picked up instead.  Now how may I be of service to you today?"\\\a. "Inspector” "Who are you and why do you have such a huge dreadnought?”"I am the famous Alonso Borno, Bar-zhon Ministry of Internal Security, scourge to pirates, malcontents, and all manner of trouble makers everywhere.  As the nephew of the current monarch, fate has allowed all of Bar-zhon society to fully recognize my innate brilliance and cunning intellect and reward me with the enormous responsibilities my superior talents have given me the capacity to handle. This flagship of internal security and it's attached fleet vessels are currently hunting the infamous human pirate Xenon." b. "Xenon” "What can you tell us about Xenon?”"Xenon a.k.a. Harrison is the worst possible Myrrdan criminal, the most notorious scoundrel that the entire universe has ever faced. He is brilliant, has access to technology that no one has seen before, and has a sadistic pleasure in infiltrating deeply into organizations to steal their most vital secrets, pilfer their supplies, and run off with their most valuable equipment." “Harrison?”"He uses a dozen other aliases but his pirate followers will frequently use the handle Harrison, while he will more frequently use Xenon.  Your security people have been unable to find even a trace or hint of his origins and his ships are subtly but significantly different from Myrrdan designs.  My people speculate that he and his followers are not originally from Myrrdan, but we have no other evidence of this." c. "Virus” "Could you tell us about this virus that appeared recently?”"This virus is nasty stuff, nasty, nasty stuff.  Xenon collaborates with the Coalition and they are undoubtedly behind the release of some ancient biological weapon uncovered in some archaeological dig somewhere." “<More>“"You did not hear this from me but the Bx home world is where the answers are. It is the site of the last fortress of the Coalition to fall and all of their technological archaeological finds were taken there.  They placed traps operational to this day that target Bar-zhon genetics but your people should be safe enough. My computers don't have the information but you should talk to our regular Navy and maybe the Coalition if you must, but find that fortress." d. "Hints” "Could you give us any hints or tips?” "You wish to receive some great wisdom or insight into your mission to cure the galaxy?  I'm sorry, the mission of internal security does not entail finding cures to diseases. I guess I could tell you that the mace constellation is centered around 200, 105, or that when other Bar-zhon discuss the history of the great war they sometimes divulge important state secrets such as important planetary coordinates. I of course will not even discuss the great war so do not even ask." Xenon EncounterThe very last quest shared by all the classes is “Quest for the Ancients.” Earlier in the game another artifact known as the Whirling Disk was found.  If this artifact is brought to a Minex ship, it triggers a special encounter and special communication dialog:ArtifactWhirling DiskGolden_Device.tga98  <!--  Oende V (152S X 6E) in the Oende system 134, 30 -->Minex Encounter: "Special Encounter with Captain Xenon"“General Information”"about..”"All in quarantine.  All are infected and your travel spreads contagion.  Return to your home world.....Clank!"“<More>“"Danger Captain Xenon, Danger! ... Turn that thing off!  I'm telling ya...a guy just don't get no respect around here.  What if that fool Myrdannian heard that?""Hey!”“Hey!  I heard that!  This is Captain [CAPTAIN].  You are not Minex.  Who are you?”"We've got a live one here.  Give him a prize.   So captain...you still doing that boldly going where nobody has gone before scthick?.""Who are you?”“Uhh...Who are you and what do you want?”"Captain Xenon at your service.  That's a pretty big demand from somebody piloting a clinking clattering collection of caliginous junk you call a 'starship'... Why don't you simply hand over the whirling disk if you want to live?"1. "Appearance” "Why do you look like a Minex and your fellow pirates appear to be Minex warships?”"Pirates?  You wound me sir.  You cut me to the quick with your unjust accusations. Unconventional entrepreneurs would describe us more fairly. As for our appearance, nothing is safer than traveling around in Minex territory looking like Minex.  You may prefer to look at an image of June Lockhart but this holographic gizmo can only do so much."“I demand you show your true appearance!”"Make any demands and in 2...no, I mean one minute, your charred and sizzling skeleton will be the main attraction on the bridge of your ship."2. "Prize” "What prize did I win?”"You may have already won an all expense paid three-hour tour on the S.S. Minnow!  Simply transport over the whirling disk."3. "Minex Territory” "How are you avoidiing the Minex?  Don't they see through that hologram trick?” "That's for us to worry about.  A person has got to have some secrets"4. "Whirling Disk” "Why do you want this whirling disk artifact?  It does nothing but give my crew headaches when we look at it.”"You snatched that artifact from one of my drops Captain. 'Oh!  We only holorecord artifacts here'  It is a valued heirloom and not from this sector."“What you mean 'not from this sector?'“"Exactly that.  My men and I have been in cryo for a long time.  We followed the Elowan & Thrynn out here.  That whirling disk is my property."5. "<END COMM>“ (see below)a. "Borno” "What can you tell me about this Inspector Borno who is after you?”"Borno?  That inbred Bar-zhon moron with a great PR team?  Hey!  Next time you run into him tell him that the Minex are giving me sanctuary.  Hee hee."“Why would we do that?”"Someone is as sharp as a hot butter knife today."b. "Harrison” "Your real name is Harrison!”"How did you know?  ...  Ohh, Some of my men have been sloppy I see.  All right, I'll give you credit for figuring out that my real name.  Not that you actually know anything about Harrison."c. "Human Colony” "Would you tell me about the human world you came from?  Was it Earth?”"Earth is a deep-fried rocky ruin devoid of all life. My men and I are defectors from another Noah colony of stuffed shirts and corporate types."“Why did you leave?”"The environmental tree-hugging nut cases banned endurium and all space travel!  The rocks are alive!  Do you have any Dilithium crystals you could spare?  Hee Hee."“Where is this colony?”"Ohh, far outside the sector. It would take you years to get there and require more fuel than your ship can hold. Besides why would you want to in the first place?  The retro savages probably reverted to another dark age and dropped another letter from their planet's name by now."d. "Under Arrest” "Under my authority as a representative of Myrrdan, I am placing you under arrest for piracy.” "Don't think that this ship and my boys are incapable of defending ourselves.  You have two choices if you arm your weapons. Die quickly or die for nothing."“Surrender now!”"I can't hear you...  Let's try this again now.  I am a rather dashing buccaneer with a fleet of heavily, I repeat, heavily armed Minex ships behind him. You are the lonely underequipped starship far outside your territory.  Any hostilities on your part will result in you instantly becoming the most unpopular person on what is left of your ship."e. "<END COMM>“ "Enough chitchat.  Hand over my whirling disk.  You could be lucky today, or, you could be stupid. Make a choice, pal."1. "Yes, here it is” "Sure thing.  I don't know what we would do it anyway.”-- remove whirling diskCapt.  I do appreciate it. By the way, many of my men are enjoying their retirement with Myrrdan hospitality so let me give you a few tips.  I'd hate for another human world to be overrun.  Beware of the Thrynn.  The Elowan are the innocent ones. They also have a better understanding of history and know far more about the ancients than they let on.""Ohh, and the Bx, Sabion, and Transmodra had an endless fascination for advanced technology and that means Minex tech and possibly the technology behind this virus. Talk to the Coalition and find their former home worlds.  Good luck!" (End Communication)2. "No” "Myrrdan ships do not respond well to threats. Remember that next time.” -- remove whirling disk and 1/3rd of all endurium"Good thing you gave me enough time to analyze your shield frequency. I'll be taking that now and a little extra.  See you around [CAPTAIN], but I suspect you won't." (End Communication)End Game Story (final mission text)The hypercube artifact originally from old earth is returned to the center of the ancient city.  The hypercube starts to glow and shoots out of the player's hands and begins to hover over a large crystalline red/blue mass.  Light starts shimmering throughout the crystalline structure and gradually grows brighter and brighter until it is a white searing blaze.  A large fleet of enormous spherical vessels pop out of nowhere and cover the sky.  From the perspective of space they dwarf and surround the player's ship.  A few moments later flashes of light blink around the horizon as endurium crystals disappear one at a time.  A booming voice echoes around the player:"You are the virus. You are the burning fire. You are the UYO.""We are ancients. We will be leaving. We gather the seeds."The mysterious ships start disappearing slowly one at a time."We thank you. We remove ourselves. We comprehend infection.""You command infection. You focus on shut down. You seek alternative fuel."A great spinning tornado opens in the sky. Seconds later a pyramid shaped stack of greenish yellow rocks appear out of nowhere. Finally a small transparent cap appears in front of the player.The player picks up the cap and puts it on.Elsewhere on a Thrynn ship a group of lizardlike Thrynn shake their heads and look around as if they were waking from a daze.  Stars streaking past on the view screen slow down and become single points of light. A perspective from outside of the ship show the Thrynn ship engines powering down and the ship starts cartwheeling uncontrollably through space.  The perspective pans up and a large spherical Mysterion ship hovers for a moment and then blinks out.FAQ: What actually happened during the end-game sequence?The ancients are endurium, rock-like crystalline lifeforms that all the other races search out to burn as fuel. Their metabolism is incredibly slow and they have no way of defending themselves. The hypercube is actually an ancient control mechanism for controlling and directing the ancient transport ships (large spherical vessels known as Mysterions in Starflight 1) on a galactic scale. When it is returned to the ancients, they can control these ships again to evacuate this area of space and flee from carbon-based life, which they call the “burning fire.”The ancients use instantaneous warping technology to travel in space similar to how the Crystal Pearl operates in Starflight 1.Humans are the UYO.  Humans in ancient times had a group consciousness that was destroyed by the ancients by making humanity non-telepathic. Since then, humans developed individual consciousness like all the other races. The nanovirus infecting all of the other races was an attempt by the ancient humans to make all of the other races like them, with a shared group consciousness. When the Tafel race accidentally woke up the virus near the beginning of the game, it continued where it left off trying to convert all races to group consciousness.The Minex are discarded tools of the ancients used to combat the UYO when they were a threat. They recognized the nano virus but had no real direct way to fight it without the help of the ancients. The ancients previously tried to communicate with the Minex in order to stop them and other races from burning them as fuel, but obviously such nonsensical statements were eventually ignored by the Minex and the ancients eventually gave up on them.During the events of the game, the ancients were aware of the situation but chose to do nothing because neither the virus itself nor the non-telepathic “UYO” were any threat to them, and the awakened nano virus was disrupting and slowing down carbon-based life from burning endurium, so they had no reason to act.In gratitude for the player's action, the ancients simply created a cap that gave the human player enough telepathic ability to communicate with the nano virus and tell it to shut down again. The ancients then created or transported a stack of shyneum (Star flight 2 fuel) in front of the player.Across the galaxy the ancients are collecting themselves from all locations, all planets, and from all fuel tanks of spaceships leaving all other ships in the entire galaxy other than the player’s ship “spinning powerlessly out of control”